



Bought this car based on owning other Toyotas. After slowing down, transmission has to be "kicked" to speed up. Doesn't have quick pickup to pass or after complete stop. Visibility terrible due to airbags and head rests. Can't believe any engineer would pass these defects. All tires replaced 26,000 and two more a year later. Every maintenance appointment brings a new problem. Ride seems comfortable and gas mileage fairly good averaging 26 city and 30 open road. Not like my 1996 model, though.





We have about 30000 miles on this car. It gets great gas mileage (around 24 city and 31 hwy). The seats are a bit short under the thigh and the ergonomics don't fit the average American as best they could. The car has become rather sloppy in the corners with pronounced body roll, taking several notches off the fun to drive category. It is a shame too, since that engine is smooth and provides fantastic power for a car this size. Biggest drawback...when accelerating we sometimes get a hard thump. Two Toyota dealers say that is a problem with the drive by wire system...and there is not anything they can or will do. Not sure this car is going to make it 10 years. Trading it in on a Honda.





The first few months were trouble free and couldn't have been more pleased. Winter arrived and the tires which are rated "All Season" felt like they were bald from the get go. Never buy Bridgestone. Tires wore after only 28,000 miles. The car felt as if the tranny was slipping in cold weather. You can hear it pop out of gear and then the RPMs drop to 800. The vehicle couldn't reproduce the problem at the dealership. I'm starting to lose a quart of oil between changes. Stay far away from Toyota.





I loved the looks of this car more than any other in the price range of 25K to 30K. I previously owned a Toyota 4Runner which had incredible build quality and reliability. However, this Camry is terrible in both aspects. Poor transmission. Cheap plastic dash. Noises and rattles from everywhere. Not very sturdy build.





I still like it after 60k miles. I got one built in Japan. I wonder if the people who have problems with rattles and transmission were built in the US. I have a trailer hitch and trailer and the car does everything I ask of it. I have run from Jersey to Michigan a number of times pulling a load. With no load, punch it while at highway speed and jump to 90mph and leave the traffic behind you. With the 2.4 engine you will not crack 3k rpm until 90mph. Great! I have driven over 500 miles on a tank (all highway driving).





I have had no problems with my Camry and it is pushing 63000 miles. Being a mother who drives a lot I wanted a safe vehicle with good gas mileage and this car delivered that and more. It has never been to the shop, I did replace the tires at 60000 and performed all scheduled maintenance. I have never had one single problem with it. I feel safe when I travel with my family and it looks good for a sedan.





I bought my SE on Superbowl Sunday, 2007. I hardly use it. I've put 6k miles on it in 2.5 years. This is my third Camry ('93, '91) and while this is the first one I bought new, I think it doesn't compare to my old '93. The main problem I have with it is handling. I rarely, if ever, get a good, straight parking maneuver. The added front axle length makes it like driving a shopping cart. The '93, on the other hand, had nearly perfect handling and agility. Also, even though I rarely drive it, somehow I'm losing gas. I estimate around 100 miles to the tank, under 10 mpg. I will have it checked at the dealer. Would I recommend it? No. But, nearly everyone whose seen it loves it.





I bought the Camry because of Toyota reliability and quality. I have two Toyotas (a 2007 Tacoma that is ok, and a 1993 mr2 that is great) but so far I'm satisfied with them. But then came the Camry, what a junky car. Fuel economy is not that great (24mpg mostly highway on cruise control). Rattles from the dashboard that causes you to pump up the volume on the radio. That Camry has a severe lack of power that is not even funny. It feels like a three cylinder car without the fuel economy!!!! And trust me I am not exaggerating. The transmission, I don't know what to tell you, but good luck if you don't learn from my mistake. Just don't do it. I wish I would have read these reviews.





Warning: once your car hits around 100K the oil line breaks down and you lose all of your oil which if not noticed in time could result in engine break down. Toyota is aware, but so far no recall notice has been excepted. 





Our Camry is great! It was really comfy but not too quiet but still refine. The DVD player sounds great, but we sometimes complain about the "Welcome to Camry". And most important thing is the engine, even with low hp our Camry is still really fast. So it is great!!!





I did not notice any hesitation with the transmission until after I read about it last summer, and now I sense a slight bit occasionally. Seats are fine, in fact of all the smaller sedans this is the most comfortable I found for the price as I am 6'-2" and 250#. Front cowling split on a high curb early that will never be fixed. I have not had it in for any problems in 15 months or 25K miles. It appears to be luck of the draw with the drive train. 





I purchased a 2007 Camry because of the looks of the redesigned model and because of the "legendary" Toyota quality and reliability. As of today, I am a bit disappointed in the build quality of the car. First of all, the interior has way too many cheap plastic parts (like the cheap plastic center piece that houses the clock.) Second, during this past winter, an annoying dashboard rattle has developed in two places.(by the right speaker & behind the instrument panel). Also, Toyota has continued to make the Camry larger, but has failed to increase the horsepower of the 4 cylinder. Therefore, more RPMs are needed to accelerate which kills my fuel economy. 





Best way to describe this car is to say that is is obvious that the engineering was sound, but the execution (build quality and materials) is terrible! I've had the same transmission problems/hesitation issues as everyone else. Had replaced ECU, and 3 software loads, and problem is finally fixed. 3 blown struts at 30,000 miles, interior trim coming loose and rattling/squeaking, stains on paint, and bug splats taking paint off, premature/uneven brake wear, on 3rd windshield (they are incredibly thin). Insanely cheap plastic all over interior. I could go on for pages.





I have been driving Toyota Camry for several several years and traded a 2003 Camry. I immediately starting noticing transmission surge during 2nd and 3rd gear during first few minutes of driving. Service dept. ignored any knowledge of this problem until about 6 months ago. They finally had me bring it in for a computer update regarding the shifting, which cleared the problem for the most part. Still does some surging at times. Radio display went out several times before radio was replaced. Rattles inside. Rear bumper popped out on left side, I just popped it back into place. Disappointed in interior and exterior quality. 30,000 miles on it now and disappointed.





I was so excited when I bought this car. My mom swears by her Toyota & I have always heard great things. This car has caused me nothing but worries. The transmission is horrible, it shifts/revs horribly at the wrong times, it putters when it hits 1 1/2 rpms while coasting unless you rev it or hit the breaks, if you try to start the car in really cold weather it makes a horrible grinding noise, the dash rattles ALL the time, when I try to accelerate getting on the freeway it doesnt move & scares me and when it does move it revs even after take your foot from the gas. I took the car in once for several of these issues & was told it was fixed & could not find other issue. Going back Monday!





My Camry SE is fantastic. No problems what so ever. People notice this car and it is a pleasure to drive. Great gas mileage and comfortable on long trips. This is my 5th Toyota and I am pleased.





I bought this car because I owned two Toyotas before (Avalon, Corolla). This car has been very disappointing. The squeaks and rattles are awful for a Toyota, feels more like a Chevy inside. The transmission doesn't shift correctly, and it has almost caused me to get into an accident twice. Except for the looks, this car is not making me very happy.





I got this car fairly early in the year. I love the color of the exterior and interior (although I'm not fond of having a light interior having kids). I'm pretty content with pretty much everything the car offers except the common issue of the transmission that doesn't want to seem to work when you need it. I often find myself stressing when the car won't accelerate when I need to go fast in certain situations. After reading other reviews, I have found out that there is a "fix" for the problem. I called the dealership and have an appointment for an oil change, tire rotaion and they say there is a "fix" which may not show much change. I'm hoping it will for my family's safety.





This car is nearly perfect when compared to other cars in this class regarding interior dimensions, visibility, exterior styling, etc. The SE V6 specifically has a great balance of power, smooth ride, and is exceptionally quiet even on rough roads. However I have had nearly 25 problems with the car in the short time since I have purchased my car. Unlike the common concerns with the transmission, all of my concerns/problems are with everything other than the drivetrain. Several parts in the interior rattle including the sunroof and some parts of the dash, the radio randomly will eject CDs, etc. Too many to list! Toyota did a great job with design but forgot about quality!





Bought car for toyota reliability. (Not real impressed). Nice looking car and good gas mileage. decent power for a 4 cylinder, but a dangerous hesitating transmission that toyota does not seem to want acknowledge or fix. Nice gauges but the blue lights around the radio are way too bright at night for me. I ended up trading for a Nissan Altima which I like much better so far as of 10,000 miles.





I first posted on Nov. 5 and was lukewarm on the car. Since then I've gotten used to it and feel better about it. I've adjusted my driving to deal with the acceleration hesitation, altho I see now there is a fix for it. But I do want to say it performs really well in bad weather, of which there is plenty in NYS. It's much more stable than my 1996 Explorer on snow, in freezing rain, slush, even ice, and so far I haven't had any repair issues (fingers crossed).





Wonderful car, rides smoothly, has enough pick up with a 4cyl. No problems ever. Want to keep this car 4 a very long time. Good gas mileage, comfortable seating, lots of leg room. Easy to drive/park. Nothing flimsy. Lumbar support is great. Lots of comfort for the price.





Thus far it is the best car I have ever owned. It has the look and feel of a much more expensive car. It has a substantial big car feel. The interior is roomy, the ride is smooth and solid and yet it has excellent gas mileage. This is a well thought out and well executed vehicle. 





I bought myself a car that has been back for several defects, including rattles from dash area. Apparently a service bulletin was issued by Toyota, but I have had it in 4 times and it is still rattling over road bumps. I had to have the trunk lid adjusted, the rear bumper cover reattached, a door arm rest cover replaced as it was shipped from the factory with a chip off the fake plastic silver. The front A pillar cover had to be be reattached as it was loose causing another constant rattle. The fit and finish that i thought Japanese car makers were supposed to be famous for did not pertain to my car. Irregular gaps in dash area. The leather on the seats seems very cheap. 4 cylinder is weak.





The I4 has no power and drives like a typical 4 cylinder. The ride is loud and not comfortable. This was my first Camry and will be my last as I do not feel a 6 cylinder will improve the ride. It is very stylish inside and out, especially with the new design. I drive 2 hours to work each day and it is just not comfortable to me.





Loved the 2002 Camry it was a good match up engine/tranny. The 2007 is a disappointment; the tranny seems to have a mind of it's own shifting up and down at will. There is a very dangerous hesitation when pick up speed is needed quickly such as merging onto the freeway (someones going to get killed if Toyota doesn't fix this). It's as though the engine literally quits for a few seconds and when it comes back to life it's in low gear roaring like crazy. 





This is a fun car to drive. It's amazingly peppy, rides well on highways (not on rough gravel, though). Lots of room, excellent stereo, good controls. Three problems: 1, it's hard to see out the back because of the roof pillars and high headrests. 2, near 75mph, trans kicks down from 5th to 3rd on even moderate hills; should kick to 4th first. 3, TERRIBLE design on 8-way adjustable driver's seat; seat is short front to back and edge hits mid-thigh (and I have short legs), raising seat actually pushes seat forward instead of up at the end, not giving enough leg height to accelerator, only front of seat angles up and cuts off circulation at mid-thigh. Had 5 Camrys, only bad seat I've seen.





OK, Ive had my Camry for over a year now. The gas mileage is still good, cant give specifics but for a V6, its good. The driver seat has been re- padded 2Xs and is still horribly soft, for me. The dash rattles have been 'fixed' twice, NOT. still rattles and its frustrating. The car is roomy, pretty quiet and gets good MPGs, the engine is awesome but the chassis is not up to the task at all. Read the editors review here. I had my OEM Turanzas wear out at 14K and was lucky to get local Bridgestones to gimme a mileage warranty adjustment, got new tires for $290.00 instead of $500+ This car is a disappointment.





Well, after owning this car for seven months, I have finally given up. This car needs quality improvement! My Camry has been in the shop four times for the transmission problem and still has not been fixed. The dealer said they have done everything possible, and still cannot fix it. I have finally given up and sold it. Good luck to the next buyer.





Love the car! First thing that come to me off the top of my head is the transmission. It seems to hesitate and not know when to shift at times. I've also had a minor problem with squeaks and rattles from the dash that should not be there. Other than that, I love the power, handling, quiet ride, and a great JBL sound system.





This is our third Camry (1993 V6 SE, 1998 S4 LE, 2008 S4 SE). Again, amazing value at the price. Getting about 26 mpg mixed city/hwy with conservative driving, seating 4 people comfortably.





We went with Toyota due to its history as a great car. Went with the SE w/V6 for performance. We had it in the shop the first week we got it. Had to take it back 3 times before they replaced the rear shocks and the noise did go away. However, we have developed a cabin noise in the front. All and all, I'm not sure Toyota is what it was. The fit and finish in the cabin is not the level of quality I expected. We have had the car a year, and I think you should shop around before you buy, because Toyota is over-rated.





The performance of a V6 is awesome. Handling is great. The windshield wiper design with the water spray is horrible. The water spray is blocked by the wiper on the left side when it comes out initially. The interior looks good but feels cheap compared to my 1997 LE camry. The transmission is the worst ever for camry. It downshift to much causing engine flare and I had problem with the reverse gear, but the up gear shift is great and smooth. Too bad it is not close to perfect.





I love the engine in this car. V6 has more power than you will ever need. However, there are too many problems with the transmission. Hesitations at acceleration, constantly shifting gears for no reason. Very cheap plastic parts and terrible squeaks and rattles.





The '07 Camry is a great car for the money. The interior is large, the controls are well placed and simple. The ride is quiet and comfortable. This is not the fastest car on the road if you are looking for 0-60, but it accelerates just fine. I have the 4 cylinder with manual transmission. My car was built in Kentucky with 75% North American part content. I have had zero issues, except the hesitation when accelerating that everyone is complaining about. This is easy to fix - I took mine to the dealer, and 35 minutes later, it was fixed. It is just a simple engine control computer reprogramming. 





I've had no significant transmission problems. There is some hesitation when starting quickly from a stop (if there is a fix for this, I will likely have it done). Other than that the tranny has been very good. No reliability problems of any kind thus far with nearly 18K on it. My mileage averages 25, but it easily gets 30 or over on the highway. Overall the smoothness, ride and handling is excellent. Power is adequate for a 4cyl, and just about what I expected. 





To start, I have three cars and all are Toyotas. I have 2000 Toyota Avalon XLS, a 2006 Toyota Avalon limited and a 2007 Toyota Camry LE. I do not recommend a Camry at all because it has too many flaws. Styling is bland, the engine isn't strong at all, and the car doesn't deliver good comfort while driving it. Furthermore, the steering feel is awful and so is the handling. My Avalons are far bigger yet, they have better handling and driving cars than this Camry. The seats aren't comfortable either. I don't like driving this car at all because it drives awfully. Instead of purchasing a 4cyl Camry or even a 6cyl model, I truly recommend an Avalon XL which is a far better car all around. 





I've had my 2007 Camry XLE V6 w/nav for a lil over 60 days now. WOW! Its a LOT of bang for the buck! I compared it to the '08 Accord b4 I bought and the Camry won! Camry has a 6 speed tranny over Accord's 5, tip-tron style shift, (which I dig), "smartkey" system, voice command sys and touch screen to operate the nav sys. Accord has none of these features and its the same price for the top of the line. This car has been so much fun! Its fast! Holds the road nicely, looks good inside and out (get a tint), rides beautifully, is nearly silent inside and has a rockin JBL system too! If you can spend the extra $$$ get the loaded one, drive and compare, its a baby Lexus!!!





Transmission is terrible -- acceleration lag is a safety issue. Transmission also can't decide what gear it wants to be in. Interior noise level is unacceptable - this is one noisy car on the freeway. Driver's seat hurts my back. Air recirculation button randomly goes off. Tires were shot after 27,000 miles of gentle driving. Will not buy another Toyota.





I liked the looks of the car and it is fun to drive. There is however a dark side. Transmission was replaced by Toyota in the first year. Hope it lasts more than a year. Ongoing problems with excessive tire wear. Has factory installed low profile rims. Get on average 10000 to 13000 miles on the best tires like Michelin. Very disappointing. Toyota won't do anything about it.





This car looks great and the build quality is good. It is relatively comfortable inside. But it has a severe hesitation problem on acceleration and my Toyota dealer won't acknowledge it or do anything about it. And I've never gotten close to the EPA estimated MPG - the first time I can say that for any car I've owned. It's rated for 34 on the highway and the best I've ever gotten is about 29. Unacceptable for a car that's as much of a dog as this one. I get better mileage with my BMW 325i. Though this car will last many years, I'm suffering from serious buyer's remorse. 





The main reason for this review is to add the "broken in" gas mileage. I first reported at the start that the 4 cylinder Camry got 34.4 at 70 MPH, this in May 2006, highway, 24-mpg all around driving. After 24,000 miles I am getting 36.5 mpg at 70 miles an hour, highway. At 75mph I get 34.5 mpg. At 55 mph I get over 50 mpg. The car has like 4 times the power of our old VW beetles. So, to us, this car really flies. My 93 Cadillac has more power, but my wife's Camry rides and drives better, believe or not. I still love my old Cadillac, but the Camry is really a great car. It's also easier on my wife's back on trips.





V6 with 6-speed automatic is excellent - very smooth, quick to downshift, and very fast. The acceleration is great. There are too many design flaws. The front seat cushions are way too short - I feel like my legs are falling off the edge. Power adjuster needs more range The front doors are a long reach to close once you're inside. You have to lean half way out the car to close them. The power window lockout switch also locks the 3 passenger window switches on the driver's side! When I lock the windows, I don't want the kids and dogs to operate them, but I want to have control over them. The A/C compressor and recycle buttons are too easy to engage. They need a firmer detent.





Traded from an 03 MB C240, and this car is vastly superior. Quieter, smoother, more fuel efficient and has had no problems except for the clip for the rear sunshade came loose, easily repaired by dealer. Have almost 25000 trouble free miles so far and everything holds up way better than my MB. I am satisfied with everything unlike my previous car which was in shop 18 times for warranty work in less than five years, and according to the courtesy driver, is normal for MB.





This thing is soooo fun! I traded a CE model for this 4cyl SE and it's a biiiig difference! I hear people talk about the acceleration in the 4 cyl but this is my second 4 cyl and I haven't noticed anything at all (and I drive pretty fast). It's still just as smooth a ride as any camry but now all I want to do is hit corners at 60 mph just because I can. I even tried the accord and the new altima and neither one came close to the camry se after you actually give them a good drive. Toyota is definitely the way to go no matter what model obviously. I liked my CE model a lot and but I'm 26 years old and I love how people keep looking at me and my sexy car now. 





I really loved the look of the Camry as soon as I saw it. I owned a 1997 Camry XLE, so it was time for me to get a new one. I had over 100000 miles on that car without a problem or squeak or rattle. But NOT THIS CAR!! I am so disappointed in the quality. Too much plastic, too many rattles and noises. The transmission feels terrible when it shifts. It always jerks and stalls and never accelerates right. 





This is my third Camry (1996, 2002 and 2007) after owning a Honda Accord in 1989. Every time I go to buy a car I go back to look at the Honda but once I drive the Camry I'm sold. By far this is the best Camry I've ever owned. It's more fun to drive than any car I've driven. It holds the road and when you press on the accelerator it accelerates smoothly and very quickly. It gets up and moves! Even my boyfriend loves this car! The handling is amazing and it's quiet. I love the bluetooth wireless phone. You won't regret buying this car. 





I bought the Camry based on looks but test drove the car on flat lands. In hills, the engine is way under powered and tends to lag badly getting on freeway or in most traffic situations. The vehicle does not get as good of mileage in town as I thought. However, freeway driving is great, smooth and good milage. Because of the gushy suspension, poor gas milage and sluggish 4-cyl engine, I sold the car and bought a Nissan Altima Hybrid.





I'm not as happy with this Camry (my second) as I expected to be. It's a pretty good car, reliable, comfortable as far as it goes, but limited rear visibility because of high rear bumper, and a problem with its computer "learning" my "driving style." This means that if I'm an easygoing driver, but need quick acceleration for a situation, it hesitates while it thinks it over, and only then gives me speed. This has happened twice - one of the annoying (also dangerous) "nanny" features I mention below. Also, the exterior design is pretty ugly - Camry had an elegant and quite beautiful design for years; now it's chunky and blobby.





I love this car. After two 7-series BMWs, I couldn't afford the maintenance/fun ration of a German car anymore. The only significant issue I have with the Camry is that the paint on the hood is problematic. It pits and flakes easily - first noticed after 3 months. Performance is strong, handling is fun, spacious enough for me - at 6'2" and 240 lbs. Camry's history of reliability was key to purchasing it, but the 6 cyl SE version is a beast!





I enjoy my car. It's not a luxury car by any means but it is definitely better than any of Toyota's other models. It drives really smooth, but I have a 4 cylinder so it lacks power. Nevertheless, it is still a cool car for a college kid. I love the exterior, but the interior is nothing to brag about. Its quite simple, which is fine with me. The gas mileage is not what its cracked up to be. The corolla is the best toyota car when it comes to gas per mileage.





I've had 2 Camry's before the one, and bought it thinking that the quality standards known to a Toyota would still remain excellent. This assumption was my first mistake. It's now apparent that Toyota quality took a nose dive. I get terrible fuel economy (19/20 in the city, 25/26 highway ...with a 4 cylinder!), even though it's rated at 24/34. The transmission is crap, and erratically shifts despite modest acceleration and conservative driving habits. I've already taken the car back to the dealership 4 times for rattling, creaking, and clicking in the dash and center console (granted I've had the car for 3 months). They never fixed it, but instead said that it's normal. 





It has excellent power and good mileage considering the amount of power it has. The transmission shifts smooth at all speeds. So far I haven't ahad ny problems. I would like to have a little more trunk space.





I drive in the Baltimore, MD beltway traffic and have found myself to be rather relaxed due to the visibility out all the windows, the potent 4 wheel disc brakes, and the beefy 3.5 liter engine. Merging into the flow of traffic is a snap and the ride is quite smooth. I got the 6 disc CD player and the 400+ watt system sounds amazing. The 7 airbags, the traction/braking control option, and the size of the car itself lends to a very confident and safe ride. I would recommend it to anyone with a family (roomy) or single (classy). Way to go Toyota.





When I was looking for a new car I fell for the Toyota hype since I'd never owned one and figured it'd be a safe bet - while it has some redeeming features it's pretty underwhelming overall. Mine suffers from the tranny slip (or "flare") on the 3-4 upshift when cold, build quality is good but nothing like the Toyota-hype I was expecting, as it has its share of squeaks and rattles just like a 10 year old Chevy. Power is great, but tranny hesitates when the gas is floored, kinda like it's asking its driver "are you REALLY sure you wanna do that?" Watch out for torque steer as it's quite prominent too - again, not expected in a Toyota. Not a bad car mind you, but overall a disappointment.





I have had 3 other Toyota's and I only wish I had read these reviews before I wasted my money on this car. The SE with the Ground Effect package looks very nice, that is where it stopped. After almost getting "T" boned for the 3rd time in a single day and the Dealership telling me I was his only one complaining, I sold it. I tried to get them to do the Computer test, but they told me nothing was wrong and my VIN number was fine and already had all the fixes on it (it was made in July 2007). I had it for 6 weeks and 4500 miles. I did not feel safe in it and sold it to another dealership. I am taking the loss knowing I should have done more homework before buying this car. 





Picked up the car in Maryland and drove it back to New Orleans 2 weeks ago. Great ride. Very little fatigue on the highway. Drove 500 miles one day and could have driven 800. Great highway cruiser. 32 mpg at average 68 mph through the high hills of VA. Seating supportive but not hard. Passenger seat higher and better than 2008 Accord. No sign of the transmission problem people have complained about, but I'm not expecting a Porsche. Manual shift option works fine if you need it. People complain of wind noise and it is noticeable at 75, but that's because there's so little road noise. On the Accord, the road noise would drown it. Only 2,000 miles so far, but I'm happy. 





Got the car for the wife as a run around town car and I find myself wanting to drive it more than my car. The V6 is outstanding avg 18 city and 28 highway, so not too bad. The interior could use some work to make it not so cheap and plastic looking. Overall a good car, no build quality issues yet. 





The car is everyhing and more. Excellent road manners with even better fuel economy. Great set of standard features. Typical Toyota reliability, nothing but perfect.





I've had my V-6 since 12-06. 13000 miles. The driver seat is still soft and mostly uncomfortable. MPG is great for a 6cyl. The tranny hesitates but not frequently and does not flare but we don't use the cruise control. I have tons of scratches and the paint does seem thin. The biggest complaints are the softness of the seat, the super cheap interior dash plastic and the location of the door pulls, they render the door arm rests useless. New problem showed up and my tires are more than half gone. Car has 13K on it, that's unacceptable. I cant sink $400 on tires now. Unfortunately I will trade this in on something in the next year or so, maybe a used TL.





This is a great car. Performance is excellent. I got the 6 cylinder because I am used to power - prior car Camaro Z28, and I am not disappointed. The ride is comfortable and it seems to ride a little higher than the average sedan, which I like. It's easy to get in and out of. I feel like I have a luxury car. No rattles or transmission problems. The interior looks great to me. This interior is as good or better than others in it's class.





After a year of complaining, I dumped the 2007 for a 2000 Camry. The 2000 is a much better vehicle to drive. I don't have whiplash from the tranny changing gears every 5 seconds, nor do I have pieces of cardboard wedged into the dash to stop the rattles.This car was a complete disappointment. I will bet it will go down as one of those years to avoid. How could this car been voted Car of The Year?





This Camry is fast! The handling is better than any other Camry ever. The tight suspension takes away very little from the ride, but it is still harder than the regular XLE suspension. The JBL stereo is perfect. Bluetooth is a great option. The leather is very nice.





After driving my car almost 20,000 miles I have grown disappointed with the transmission hesitation problem as it did not show during the test drive. The problem becomes almost imperceptible if you use premium gas only, but it becomes annoying after a while. Overall not a bad vehicle, good ride on the highway. Most likely I will be trading for a V6. Still looking around for a good choice.





The V6 engine is way more powerful than the average driver needs, but I love it! The acceleration is incredible. Handling on the SE is much better than the weaker LE suspensions. 





We have had the terrible acceleration problems that people have been writing about. We have owned Toyotas since 1985 and this is such a shock to us. Our dealer has been wonderful trying to fix it. Last month dealer informed us there was a new update and it should fix it. They were right - it is behaving like a Camry should. Get in touch with your dealers to find out about the latest fix.





This is my fifth vehicle and it is actually the first that I am completely satisfied with. I usually want to get rid of my new purchase a week after having them but, this car is awesome.





Purchased 07 LE auto in June 06. Nicest looking car on road. Noticed hesitation after purchasing. Had 2 TSBs done to recalibrate engine, transmission. The last one helped the most, but not completely. Traded for new 08 Honda Accord this week. Much better performance and acceleration than Camry.





After owning a 95 Camry, I expected the same quality. Wrong!! This car has rattles and squeaks everywhere! My old Camry was not making a sound after 12 years and 125000 miles, but this car is garbage. The transmission is lousy. I don't understand what Toyota was thinking. Fix the quality now!!





I was surprised at how this car didn't perform as well as my wife's '05 Camry. It had hesitancy during acceleration, bursts of excessive RPMs in cruise control, and only average mileage. I showed my dealership an Edmunds customer review detailing an effective reprogramming he had done at his dealership, and was told my dealer had received word of this recall just 2 days before I came in. They performed the reprogramming, and solved my problems. We are now as happy with our new Camry as we have been with the older one.





I have the 2007 SE 2.4 with stability control, bluetooth and the upgraded JBL system. First let me say that the engine performance of my car relates directly to the brand of gas used, not all gasoline is created equal. The engine and transmission works flawlessly when a particular brand (not grade) of fuel is used and I am absolutely sure I am correct. The other features of this car especially the JBL system are winners. The car is a winner.





I have the transmission problem. I have had the car back to the dealership several times, as well as having the factory rep working to fix my problem. Finally they told me there was nothing else they could do for me. So I am stuck with a product I am not satisfied with and they don't seem to care. I can assure you I will never own another Toyota product just because of the way they (Corporate) treated me. They want everyone to believe there is no problems when Toyota knows full well there is. I will seek to unload this problem onto someone else and go back to products I never had problems with.





I have only 10,000 miles on my new Camry LE and have gone through 2 windshields. The first one was when I bought the car new I had already signed the papers when I noticed the the windshield was damaged the dealer replaced it and I was satisfied. I do a lot of highway driving and recently have incurred a crack that is about 8 inches long on the passenger side of the windshield from a very small stone. I have also notice a 1/4 inch chip just behind the mirror assuming from another stone. I have owned a lot of vehicles over the years and have never experienced this much problems with windshields. It has to be more than bad luck. The glass appears to be too thin.





Other than a pretty firm ride, I have nothing but good to say about my Camry XLE V6 with GPS. The GPS made my life easy on a 700 mile trip to an unfamiliar location. Performance was great. 29 mpg overall. No transmission problems as reported by so many others. I've had 3 BMWs and only one of them could offer a more comfortable ride than the Camry. A BMW 528 with the same equipment would cost over $20,000 more! This thing scoots!





Over the years, I have driven almost every car made (either owned or rental cars on business). Our 2007 Camry 4 cylinder is our third Camry and we expected a decent car. The car has extremely dangerous hesitations and absolutely terrible gas mileage. We have had it back to the dealers for several checks and no one can do anyting to correct the "wonderful, new, high-tech, drive-by-wire" system. We discovered that new does not always mean better. I strongly suggest that anyone considering buying the new Camry should shop around and be made aware of current faults. This is, by far, the worst car we have ever owned and I can't wait to get rid of it. I'll sell it cheap. 





We went from a Lexus to the Camry, you get a lot of car for the money. 10k less than an ES 350. We have 18k on it now and have been completely satisfied. Car is loaded with nav, etc. Would recommend with no question.





What's all the fuss? I now realize that the Camry is tinny, overpriced, and very expensive to maintain. I cannot get over 22 mpg. There are no dealerships in small towns, and they just love to replace my "cabin filter" even though I cleaned it minutes before I arrived at the dealership for service.





My wife and I love pretty much everything about the Camry except the sluggishness at times when hitting the gas pedal to merge in traffic. And the fact that we have had it back to the dealer 2 times, soon 3, to try to fix the dash. Right next to the clock and the windshield it keeps popping up. It is really annoying.





After owning many Toyotas and Lexus, this Camry is the first Toyota I did not like. The engine/transmission was a Jekyll/Hyde affair. Sometimes it hesitated, sometimes it was overly sensitive, sometimes it was OK. The ride is best described as pitch and bob. As long as the road was smooth it was good. The center dashboard had the cheapest plastic available. It is hard to believe Toyota would use such materials in so conspicuous a place. This sort of thing is what American car companies were severely criticized for but I haven't read one word about it in any enthusiast magazine. After 8 months, I drove a 2007 Saturn Aura. Bye, bye Camry. I bought the Saturn. I look forward to driving again. 





It's a quiet ride inside and handles very well. It has some get up and go when you need it. I traded in my Corolla for it and I'm so glad I did it. Excellent purchase.





I bought this vehicle on July 23, 2007. Here are the transmission problems I've experienced: 2-3 second delay while accelerating. Re- calibration of the ECM has knocked that 2-3 second delay down to 1-2 seconds. Transmission is "confused" and CONTINUALLY shifts at speeds of 28 to 35, 38 to 42, and 45 to 51 MPH. At this rate, the Transmission will go out @ 37,000 miles (right after my Warranty expires!) It is in the shop now (4th time in 29 days) this time they've had it for 5 days and counting. To the Poster from 08/14/2007, if I wanted to "use the shifter" to drive my car, I would have bought a manual...I'm not whining, I'm stating the facts. I, too, smell lemons.





We purchased our 2007 Camry last week and I love it! The interior is stylish, roomy and has many nice features. I especially love the fuel efficiency (we traded in our SUV that has a V8 engine). The ride is nice for adjusting from a V8 to 4 cylinder engine. Overall I think it's going to be a great reliable car!





I bought this car for my daughter. I purchased it for its size and safety features. Its built well and am sure it will have the reliability that Toyota is known for. 





1) Idles too fast - will move down road at 5-6 miles per hour w/o touching gas - very dangerous at stop signs as it will surge forward. 2) Cruise will not hold on hill - set at 65, up to 75 at bottom of hill. 3) Brakes - when brake applied, car surges/jogs forward before taking hold. 4)Poor gas milage 14 to 19 in town; 29 on highway. 5) Poor craftsmanship on interior. Carpets not down right, cap cover for seat track comes off. 6) Shifts hard/jerky 7) Drivers side auto up/down window- cannot put down several inches - goes all the way down or all the way up 8) Upon resuming cruise, it will accelerate so fast you are thrown back in your seat-like being shot out of a gun. 





I replaced my 2003 Camry with this one and I am deeply dissapointed. First of all the engine is too weak for the mass of the new car. Second the internal comfort id awful. The previous soft seats were replaced with hard cheap ones which are very very uncomfortable and give me back pain. Third the visibility is much worse than on 2003 model. Indeed the engine is slightly quiter, but overal impression is the same as on old model. Inside there is a lot of CHEAP plastic and designer who made the design is obviously does not hold diploma and is amateur. In sum - bad car for the money. I have been Toyota owner for more than 20 years but latest Camry put a break of my loyality to the company. 





My top of line XLE V-6 is not as good as my 02 XLE. Cheapened interior materials, flimsy steering wheel switch gear, less padding in seats, only a 2-way power passenger seat, plastic covered board for seat-back map pockets, baby-puke yellow fake wood trim, etc., all combine to paint a less than luxerious interior. The top-line sound system deletes the RDS text of the lower line unit and the ASL feature is all but un- noticeable. Obviously they moved the costs around to provide for the new higher power V6 and the 6 speed transmission, which are so far the car's only redeeming features!





I've had the XLE V6 since Nov 06 (15,000 miles) and want to throw in my comments. Most of all I want to address the hesitation issue so many people are whining about. There is definitely a hesitation when stepping down on the gas. It doesn't exist when using the shifter and seems to be part of the Camry "feel". I don't consider it a defect, but I'm sure my driving style has adjusted slightly from my Mazda3 days. If you keep in mind that the Camry is a comfort car, you may even enjoy the experience. I haven't seen any Camrys causing accidents on TV. Have you? Bottom line: If you want a race car, don't get a Camry. Go test drive the car and decide for yourself. 





Toyota now has a fix for the accelerator hesitation and transmission problem! They even had their dealers pull all the Camrys off the lot and update the engine control SW. We are now content with this vehicle that we once hated. Also, be sure to use 0W-20 oil. With the SW fix and using the 0W-20 oil our gas mileage has improved from 26 to 32 mpg (1/2 city, 1/2 hwy). The repairs noted on the receipt were: EG7031 recalibrate ECM (PCM) engine and transmission 9159 Bulletin #EG036-07 .9 OP code EG7031 T1-04 T2-99 recalibrated ECM to improve shifting performance.





I'm not sure what everyone talks about with hesitation/transmission/not enough power? It is advertised and sold as a "family sedan"!! Mine has 268 hp. It's hefty. Love everything about the car. Gas mileage as promised. Ride is superior to Nissan or Honda of the same caliber. i'm sure sports cars don't have "hesitation" (which I have yet to notice), but they also cost 10K more. Bottom line: it's my first Toyota and I love it wholeheartedly.





The transmission cant make up its mind it hesitates to shift. Then there is the rattles. To top it off the MPG is not even close to the stated. I regret buying this car, should have bought the Altima or Mazda. The performance is not that great.





Looking for a basic family sedan, I drove numerous brands over many months. The quality of construction, ride, quietness, and legroom are excellent. While the 4 cylinder does not have the punch of the Honda Accord 4 cylinder, the comfort and quietness of the ride won out. Others have complained about the "pause" on downshift when hitting the gas. It's there. But it doesn't bother me the way I drive. Seating front and rear is excellent.





I just bought this car, and the leather seats are luxurious, the sunroof is fun, and it's great to look at. After having it about a week, the performance isn't great, but it's okay. If my Sienna van is any indication (150,000 miles and it runs like new), I should enjoy this car for a long time. With my van, I like it better now than I did when it was new, because I never had an old car with so little trouble. I had Hondas before, and they had better acceleration, but more frequent maintenance.





Bought the 2007 Camry in April 2007, the car?s acceleration is poor to say the least. I took the Camry to the car dealership and they told me the car is performing the way it should. I disagree with their opinion so I called Toyota customer service department and they in turn told me there are no problems with this vehicle. I feel the slow acceleration and hesitation is a major safety issue and something needs to be done to correct this major deficiency right away. 





The V6 is a must buy in the sport package. Power is not an issue as it has all the power you need. Very good sport suspension on this model. Would recommend spending the extra 2000 to 2500 upgrade from a I4 to the V6 if possible. The ride is smooth, the design with the spoiler is beautiful.Toyota is making great choices with its model changes! Gas mileage is great on this model especially the 6. No hestitation, comfort is great in front in back. Only thing would like to see is that the interior be made more available in the darker (black) in the SE. Was told they don't even make it! OR offer. I asked if it's on the website then why don't they? 





Bought my 2007 Camry after working for a company who rents them. Excellent performance until 28000 mi. Transmission sticks in fourth gear and rpm surge while using the cruise control. Hesitation during acceleration.





I am not having all the other issues everyone else is, not sure if its because mine is a manual transmission but I can't say how much I love it. I drove several cars before deciding on this one; it outdid the Altima and I had my heart set on buy a Nissan! Even with less horsepower than the Altima I find mine will definitely get up and go for little 4 cyl. I have owned 3 Saturns before this and I have to say I think I was missing out. I went from a V6 Vue to the 4 cyl manual Camry and couldn't be happier! Wish the keyless came with the CE but I made the dealer throw it in for free or else I was walking out. They did and they had me sold! 





Toyota may have computerized the engine and transmission to get better gas mileage but the very best I can get is 25 mpg on the highway. My 1999 Camry got 30 mpg on the highway. While in cruise control and going up a slight incline the transmission is constantly shifting and the rpm goes up and down by as much as 1500 rpm. While driving on a straight and level road at about 40 mph the transmission is changing gears. I have been to the dealer a number of times and the response is "that is the way it was designed". I feel uncomfortable driving this car and will get rid of it. 





This is my third Camry and the worst I've owned. I really like the style of this Camry, but the engine performance is subpar. I've experienced the hesitation problem when applying the gas after slowing down. Also, the power windows seem to get stuck momentarily when I try to roll them down, especially the driver's side. Gas mileage is about 20 in the city, certainly not that great.





Experience severe engine hesitation upon any acceleration attempt with outdoor temperatures 70F and above. Occurs during highway cruising at 60- 65+mph. Even downshifting to 4th sometimes does not help. Engine acts as if starved for fuel, condition becomes very bad with outside temps above 90F. Now need to resolve with Toyota directly. Otherwise, OK vehicle.





I bought this car for a 100 mile per day commute on two lane roads and it is perfect. You can pass virtually anything, anytime. Very comfortable, great styling. Camrys are no longer an appliance!





Great acceleration. Very good ride.





Loved the car but two transmissions failed within 19000 miles before I got rid of the car. The transmission design has major problems and so did the replacement. The problem is not addressed. My dealer told me the new transmissions were on back order and couldn't even give me an ETA. That itself says a lot.





I owned a 2003 Toyota Camry XLE V-6 which I really liked. This car exceeds the older model in many ways. The current engine is very powerful and peppy, much more so than the 2003 version. The steering has been tightened up. The car feels bigger. The Bluetooth is very useful and the sound system is good. Navigation system is ok. I am pleased with the stability control system and all the other bells and whistles. The finish seems quite good to me. I had one mechanical defect that became obvious after delivery and was fixed immediately by the dealer. The dealership gives excellent service. This is a good looking functional auto.





I love everything about my Camry, except for the interior looks, very cheap and the non alloy rims are very cheesy or cheap. It is very fun to drive with a powerful, powerful V6 engine. I love it.





I'm 62 and the 2007 Camry was my first foreign made. I'm soooo disappointed with the Camry. The automatic tranmission hesitates. From a stop or at about 5 MPH, if you depress the gas pedal too quickly the car will not accelerate properly for 1-3 seconds - then it's ok. Called dealer and complained. They said no problem, it's just a driving characteristic I have to get used to. I'll add it's dangerous. This is the garbage I've gotten from US dealers. Toyota, I'm terribly disappointed and can't recommend this car. Toyota do the right thing fix the problem uner warranty. 





The side front windows limit visibility, the transmission hesitates when shifting, the back seat passenger room is spacious, the stereo system has a great bass and the versatility of CD changer, satellite, iPod, etc., is outstanding. The Bluetooth hands free cell phone feature is user friendly, the 2.4l 4 cylinder engine is great, for in town driving, but there is barely enough power to maneuver interstate lane changes. Overall I like the Camry for its large trunk space, sporty look, the metallic red paint, reliability and low maintenance, Toyota warranty, Toyota dealer service department and better gas mileage than my full size truck. I would recommend buying the 6 cyl. engine.





I wish I could say good things about my camry. A lot of defects that I still do not understand how my car passed the quality inspection when it was manufactured. - Trunk was not closing. It was touching the bumper. It also peeled off the paint. Toyota Dealer put touch- ups on the bumper when my car was only 3 weeks old. It is ridicules. - Heater fan was not turning off. It was running on all the time driving me crazy. - Glove box was defective and not closing well. They took almost the whole dashboard down to fix it in the service but still not okay. - Paint on the bumpers is just cosmetic with very little layer. Little flies have chipped the paint of the front bumper everywhere.





I went looking at an Avalon and ended up with a bright red Camry and about $3000 - $4000 still in my pocket. Minus some trunk space and sprawl room in the back seat I have no regrets. I've always liked bright red cars and when I saw the new style Camry in red I had to drive it. The drive sold me that unless space was the critical buying point, save some money and go with the Camry. I was surprised by how quiet the cabin was and just how comfortable it was to sit in and drive. No regrets!





I have found the paint does stone chip rather easily :( and on the US models, the gap between the console and dash is slightly off (very minor issue for all the complaints I read). If you purchase a 4 cylinder vehicle and then complain about power, you just don't get it. The power of the V6 is UNBELIEVABLE for this type of car. My transmission works perfectly fine, is fun to shift but does better on its own. The stereo with Bluetooth is a dream. The ergonomics are some of the best in the business. I sold a Vette for this and have not regretted it a bit. My Dodge Ram went from daily use to 2 or 3 X a month. I LOVE this car. 





This car offers poor driver's seat comfort, poor vision (it sits way too low), only average ride quality, gas mileage *well* below the advertised numbers, and a jerky, balky, surging transmission that is difficult to use. (And the Toyota people say there's nothing wrong with it; it's just the way it is!) The car also does not allow fresh air through the vents; if the AC isn't on, the interior becomes very warm, very quickly. I also dislike the foot-operated parking brake, but that's a minor complaint.





We have had this Camry about two years now, and it is not a boring car but it is smooth, comfortable and has good road manner, and overall it is a good car.





40800 miles Camry LE 4cyl 5A has been awesome. Just had tires rotated, all four struts leaking significantly and rear brake pads down to 2mm. All struts and rear brakes need replacement. Something is wrong, 4 struts go all at once, at 40000 miles and rear brakes shot? Front brakes usually are replaced twice before rears. Called Toyota Experience, very nice but said it was my problem, out of warranty. Should I question Toyota longevity and unwillingness to stand behind their product??? Toyota is aware of premature rear brake wear and leaking struts. They have issued TSB's. Right not I am not sure if I will go back to Honda.





The reputation of Toyota may have been hard earned in the past but now is quickly waning. The "organic" break pads went out at 36,000 miles. We lost the engine at 40,000 due to the engineers at Toyota putting a rubber piece of hose on the oil return to the top of the engine. Buyer beware! Stay away from this car and don't bank on Toyota any longer!





Watch out for ball-joint failures. Toyota won't cover. Dealer claims there's nothing wrong, but car won't go straight above 45mph. It rattles, the rear shocks thump loud and hard every bump (like the 1996). JBL radio is low quality cd, fm, and mp3 all sound the same. You can't open the rear windows above 30 because of the deafening wind noise. The large trans-tunnel gets hot and is tight to the drives right leg. 





This is hands down one of the best cars I've had in a long time. It has high quality amazing ride and the fit and finish is great. Kudos to Toyota, they did good.





I love the looks of my Camry. Super powered, too many speeding tickets already! JBL stereo is good. However, the quality of this car is not acceptable for Toyota standards. Cheap plastic everywhere. Terrible transmission that doesn't shift right. Moonroof has a lot of rattles. Tires only lasted 20000 miles.





The car has run outstandingly well from the day I bought it. There's been no mechanical or noise problems with it. I'd highly recommend anyone buy this car if they are seeking an affordable, comfortable, reliable vehicle.





Well this is my second 2007 Camry. It is still roomy, comfy, and fun to drive. The power is good for a 4 cylinder 154hp engine. No rattles, I have now 10k miles. I think this car will last and be low maint w.o. a timing belt to change, ownership should be cheap. I am averaging 29 to 30 mpg. I drive mix of light city and highway at 75 mph hwy. The radio gets static when I turn on the rear defrost. Overall the car has a large rear seat big trunk with fold down seats and lots of storage. 





Don't like the car at all anymore. Hate the braking system. Funky surge after applying brakes, making you feel like you didn't apply them enough. Locked them up twice because of this. Problems with gears not shifting correctly. Dealer said it was a computer problem and they fixed it - NOT. Still having problems. Press the gas, RPMs go way up, hesitates shifting to the next gear, finally jerks into gear. Headrests are too far forward. Seat belt shoulder harness not low enough (even on lowest setting); cuts across my neck. Console lights dim at night, bright in the day. Passenger side carpet loose. Will be my first and last Toyota.





I'm really over this car... For $30k it rattles, the driver window sticks, the rear vents fell off, the tranny is already acting up at 22k miles. This Toyota was made in the USA and I wish I could say that with pride. It's a piece of junk as far as I'm concerned. The design is great, but the implementation of said design in the manufacturing process very poor. Initial quality was lacking and it's only getting worse... It's an OK car all n all. But for the money, I'm rather disappointed.





No negatives here. Typical Toyota quality. Smooth tranny, strong horsepower when needed, good fuel economy (28 city/hwy). My car has been trouble free with no tranny issues claimed by others. Very smooth/quiet ride. My SE adds the taut driving feel and not mushy as the base unit. I get complements all the time on the looks/ride. Compared Honda, Nissan, Mazda... sorry can't beat the package/pricing of the Camry. This is our 6th Toyota and we continue to receive the quality we expect. You can not get that comfort with any other automaker other than perhaps Honda.





I purchased my SE Camry two months ago and already I'm seeing significant issues. First off, this car is slug and sometimes hesitates 1-3 seconds before moving. Second, the cruise control is horrible and virtually unusable due to the constant downshifting if the road is not completely flat. Third, the engine is very noisy and the dealership told me that all 4 cyl. Camrys sound that way. Going in a drive-thru at McDonalds is almost embarrassing with the knocking noise bouncing off the wall. The car has only 3,000 miles on it and it sounds as though I'm driving a 10-year old vehicle. Looks are great and interior is comfortable, but it?s not worth buying given the quality issues.





Have 2200 miles on this vehicle and am getting around 30 mpg on trips. Have the same problem others have been experiencing with hesitation in acceleration. Also vehicle hates to decelerate below 30 mph on level ground without braking. Hates to slow going downhill even when in 3 gear. Using the brake so much will must likely result in premature pad replacement. Have a real concern when starting the car as it revs so high and when putting it in gear it backs up extremely fast. Have had it back to the dealer twice and contacted Toyota customer service. No action has been taken to resolve the problem. Seems like Toyota is not adequately addressing the situation. Very disappointed. 





I bought my Camry because I liked the styling and I had owned 2 others. The first thing that I noticed was the awful paint job after just 3 months. The paint was flaking off of the front bumper. To top things off, the car gets terrible mileage. My 2002 got better. Even the interior has not held up along with the awful wind noise at highway speeds. This will probably be my last Toyota.





After 2,000 miles, the car is a pleasure to drive, does all the things I expected a Toyota to do. This car has hand controls and a braun chairtopper on the roof for my wife's wheelchair. The back seat has adequate room for my chair. The trunk is large. The controls were installed without a problem no cutting of interior plastic, the knee airbag was bypassed. The chairtopper creates a lot of drag and a fuel economy penalty. I get 18.5 mpg city and 22 highway with this setup with midgrade fuel, which got rid of the knocking problem and improved performance. If you need a lot of passing power on the highway or plan to modify the car in any legal way spend the extra money and buy the V6. 





This car is very disappointing.The hesitation problems still remain even after toyota promised a fix way back when and have done nothing.Cheaply made-with plastic door sills that rattle and a moon roof that does the same.It steers poorly and doesn't even brake well.Even the floor rugs on driver side don't come all the way up to wall(stapled down).Bluetooths software doesn't work when you try to program names.





I needed a comfortable commuter that I could also run around with the family in. This car fits the bill as my Civic was too small (was a great car though). Comfortable floaty ride. No transmission issues. 4cyl is slow! Interior looks OK but is built a little cheap. Exterior looks good. Mileage has met the EPA sticker and I just started. I am happy with the car but experience no passion. Still a Japanese Buick (and that's OK for me).





Had an excellent 2001 Camry LE. Bought a 2007 Camry LE and wish I had kept my 2001. It doesn't shift properly, when you slow down in traffic and then accelerate to move forward it hesitates. Trying to get onto a highway I need to be sure I have plenty of space and time because the car does not accelerate fast enough. Forget cruise control - it doesn't keep a steady speed, it slows down and suddenly accelerates, I have had close calls. I'm thinking of trading it in. It has poor MPG. I like the way it looks, but it's performance leaves much to be desired.





After one month, the good: great ride, quiet comfortable spacious cabin, superior electronics (JBL), fair price and good looks. The bad: the significant transmission hesitations are unacceptable and possibly unsafe, and the 4 cyl engine provides inadequate power when challenged. Gas mileage is only about 22 around town. I feel the plusses outweigh the negatives, but any prospective buyer should take a serious test drive under varying conditions and actually experience transmission hesitations and the mediocre acceleration performance. Basically the drive train stinks when stressed. If that limitation is OK with you, it is a great car! PS: I am very happy with after-market leather.





This is a great car. I love the 4 cylinder engine. It gets great mileage, and runs great. I also have several American cars that are fairly new. This car is ten years ahead of those. 





We were disappointed that it didn't have keyless entry but other than that it is a very good car. Car seats fit pretty well in it also. I don't see the point of the text display option because it hasn't worked for any of our CDs or even with an auxiliary iPod.





Car was bought one month ago, it's running perfectly, Acceleration is perfect for a 4 cyl. Don't expect V8 acceleration, the days of the old big blocks are gone! The interior is so very quiet, you must compare this car to a Cadillac. Don't buy this car if you want to race, it wasn't built for that. You can't have it both ways, either a car is full of power and stiff suspension or it's smooth and comfortable on the road. I love it for what it is... a comfortable quiet ride!





I have had Toyota for past 9 years, along with a BMW 540i, and a Buick Rendevous. This one is the most fun to drive, fuel economy is stunning (35-40 mpg).





The car is slow as a slug when starting out. I have had 4 cylinder Grand AMs with 40 less horsepower that accelerated better than this car. I took the car back for the service bulletin fix but the recalibration of the computer did not help the acceleration problem. If you slow down then give it the gas it takes a second to respond. I have almost been rear ended on two occasions this month. I really wanted to love the car but I am merely satisfied with it because of this problem. This car replaced my 2001 Ford Taurus that had only 8 more hp, but it felt like it was an Indy car compared to Perry Como the nickname for my Camry - smooth but slow. 





I bought my Camry March 07, it's at 4000 miles. Overall the car did not fulfill my expectation. It failed! The car hesitates as many already pointed out. The brake doesn't respond promptly, sometimes it jerks forward when you step on brake, after almost a second it slows down and the brake is very very soft! The fuel efficiency never gets the number that Toyota advertises. After 3000 miles, highway only gets 28~29 mpg. City, awful, < 22. After one week, I found a rusted conjunction block, which mounts the transmission. I don't know how and why? I sent the car to dealer, they have not decided what to do (fix or replace). The air conditioning is very weak.





The interior is very luxurious and comfortable, however the car feels slower than my 2002 Camry LE. Ride is smooth. Improved brake feel. The CE is more fun to drive. 





I agree with some previous posts about the engine lagging. It is not a smooth ride, at least not what I expected. The 2002 Honda Civic I traded for it was (gasp) a tiny bit smoother and that's saying something. It's gotten to the point that I hate driving it (but love staring at it when I close my garage). I'm seriously thinking of getting something else PRONTO, even though I just paid the sales tax and registered it. VERY disappointed, so please don't get mesmerized by its looks.





We have owned our 07 Camry XLE for a year. We loved the styling but not the 4-cyl engine so waited several weeks for a V6. Mileage out of the showroom was way below advertised (barely 22 mpg on a 400 mile interstate road trip), but seems to have come around over time. This car is a blast to drive and turns heads everywhere we go, but it has the worst paint job I've ever seen. With less than 10,000 miles it already has more scuffs than cars with 50K, plus several chips down to bare metal. This is with 98% paved road driving. Tranny is quirky as well, feels like it's shifting all the time. Maybe 4 or 5 speeds and more torque would have been the way to go. 





I like the looks and interior but as described in some of the other reviews it has a hesitation problem when you slow down or brake, and then get back on the throttle. It takes about 3 seconds for anything to happen. It is fine from a standstill through all the gears. The car rides and handles well and is one of the safest cars on the road according to ntsa ratings. 





I have had the car for over 8 months now and I am a little disappointed with the lack of accceptable engine power on the 4 cyl. Yes, I know is a four cylinder but I thought the engine should have performed better given the changes. Also, the sound system is so poor unless you are willing to spend $3K more to get the JBL and leather interior, which come together. Toyota made unavailable only the sound system for sale, why? I have had Toyotas for over 26 years and this one did not fulfill the expectations for the price. 





I have had my 07 camry SE 4cyl. for almost a year now with 23000 miles on and I hate the motor. No power, jumpy as hell when accelerating, and feels like the car stalls when shifting. That's the only way I can explain it. I have had it in twice and they say they reprogram the computer but it never helps. Gas mileage stinks too but it may be better if they could figure out the engine problems. The interior is cheap!! The plastics easily scratch on all the panels in the car. My driver's seat is starting to wear and my paint has a bunch of rust spots all over it. The spots will buff out under warranty but why should I have to deal with it. I will send pictures of these problems to anyone





I purchased the Camry on reputation and recommendation. I am not a car geek and do not have the knowledge or time to deal with car problems. Well, I am becoming a auto expert by necessity. My problems are: hesitating then surge between shifts, windshield wipers that move with power that rocks the car to the point that it feels like it will roll over, plastic parts falling off, cruise control is so unreliable I don't use it, bad mileage, and, last but not least, half the windshild blacks out when driving at night through areas without street lights. The dealer's answer, "It meets Toyota specifications." Any suggestions will help. Do I qualify for the lemon law?





I test drove the 6 cyl Camry and really liked the power. The XLE had all the bells and whistles to really make the decision easy. The only negative was the fact the 6 cyl only had leather and I cannot stand leather seats. So I test drove the 4 cyl and really saw the 4 was responsive and better than most other 4s I've tried. The only negative I can say about the car is the cruise control isn't as smooth as the Accord thereby requiring the shifting to occur more frequently than it needs to.





Rattles, creaks, wind noise, driver's door alignment have been issues former Toyotas I've owned have never had. I'm happy I'm not having the trans issues the V6s have had. All in all Toyota has dropped the ball. Seems the company's quest to be #1 has caused quality issues. I'll think twice before buying another Toyota.





We just traded this vehicle in at 8200 miles because of several problems ? problems that Toyota describes as the Toyota experience and "operating according to design specification". The Camry is like a box of chocolates ? each time you touched the accelerator, you never knew what you'd get. There was either hesitation or a normal acceleration. Take your foot off the accelerator and the vehicle could lunge ahead or slow down with a drag as though you downshifted from fifth to third. BTW, this is an auto transmission. These performance (and safety) issues made us realize that this car was not reliable for the long term. This was our first (and last) Toyota. Never got better than 20 mpg.





I bought this car about six months ago and haven't stopped loving it ever since. It gets great mileage for a V6, good sound system that comes standard in all Camrys and overall styling looks sporty and aggressive.





I love the car but the 4 cylinder is very bad when it comes to getting out of the way of something or needing a quick response. The engine lags when you accelerate after slowing down. I have had a few close calls from not getting the engine to respond when you need it (it hesitates badly).





I traded in a Chevy Malibu with over 100,000 miles for this car. I would gladly take it back. I had more issues with this car than in all the years I owned the malibu. The engine made a horrible knocking noise. The factory rep said that is normal for a four cylinder, and if I wanted better performance, I should have got the six. He also accused me of not changing the oil although I had all receipts. The seat is rock hard and not suitable for trips over 50 miles. The car is very harsh on bumps, and the glove box pops open from time to time on them! The car looks good on the outside in terms of design, but fit and finish are horrible. The deck lid almost touched the quarterpanel.





Since new it was just pain to go through proper break-in period. After that it is fun to exploit this marvel of engineering. I had to learn new "space" technology. Previous car was 84 Chevy Impala. No comparison. Excellent city fuel economy. In general this car exceeded my expectation.





The Camry SE is an above average sedan at an affordable price. It does everything well but nothing spectacular. Gas mileage at 7500 mi is still around 20 MPG and I'm hoping it will improve as I rack up the mileage. With 268 HP it definitely has some spunk, but the tranny hesitates at times. My dashboard creaks like an old house in the wind and the starter makes a sound on cold weather starts. I guess for the price of the performance and that it runs on regular gas makes it more attractive than other sedans on its price range. One thing though, at hard acceleration there isn't the torque steer that is experienced with other front wheel drive vehicles with this amount of HP.





It's been almost 15k miles and this car still amazes me as always. We had no problems with our two previous Camrys. Our last one had 148k trouble free miles and was still getting 30 mpg on a trip. This new one gets even better mileage, averages about 33 freeway.





I'm glad I found this web site. Just wish it would have been before the purchase of a 2007 Camry. As a previous Toyota owner, I thought it was a no brainer. However this car has serious throttle and shifting issues. Sometimes the car runs other times it can't get out of it's own way. I called my dealer and Toyota. The dealer said he could reset the car to factory settings but that might make it worse. Toyota corporate would not admit there is a problem. I filed a complaint, whatever good that will do. I traded the car for a major loss. I will never buy another Toyota and will tell my story to everyone I know. As they say, buyer beware. p.s. the dash rattled!





I bought this car to replace my Dodge. I liked the styling for a mainstream car, much better than that of the Ford 500 which I was also considering. Unfortunately, the like for this vehicle stopped there. I choose the four cylinder for fuel savings, but I have been dissapointed. Engine is very slow and it is an advanture merging on the freeway- no power for passing. I am avaraging about 18 MPG. Fit and finish are horrible, The molding around the console has popped out, and has some issues with the power windows and locks. Paint (black) looks like it was painted on with a roller especually under the lights. Seats are very uncomforatable and are showing wear after 15,000 miles. 





I've had this car for a year - bought it for the low emissions, safety, and good mileage rating - and I'm considering trading it in. There are two things I can't stand about it: throttle hesitation, and poor gas mileage. Rated for 34 on the highway, I've never gotten more than 28. My previous BMW 3 series got better mileage, and believe me it was more fun to drive.





Smooth ride, large seats, roomy, huge trunk, easy access to controls.





I'm eighteen and my parents suggested a 2007 Camry LE after my sister totaled my '86 Cressida. After putting 5000 miles onto my car, I noticed that my fuel economy is so-so, around 30 on highway, but significantly lower on city streets (my best was 21 mpg). I hate the transmission as it always hesitates to downshift when the power and speed is needed. I end up shifting it myself to keep people from cutting me off on the freeway. The brakes are too soft and not responsive enough. They also seem to squeak a lot. I will take my car back to the dealership for a fix soon. For the comfort and entertainment of the ride, I like the Camry. The performance makes me miss my '86 Cressida.





I own 2007 Toyota Camry 4 cylinder. My 5th new Camry over past 11 years. I've loved the previous Camry's..hate this one. I can't get over 24 mpg, it downshifts on slightest hill, even on the interstate. When I run A/C, it constantly shifts down 2 gears & lurches back & forth. It even shifted down far enough & redlined to 7.5 the other day on the interstate, when I turned on the A/C & it was slightly windy. It lurches on corners. Dealer installed software update & agrees it is awful, but nothing more they can do.





I bought my Camry 3 weeks ago. I found the following defects on the car in the first two days: Its heater knob was defective. It was turning itself continuously on/off driving me crazy. It does not go off. Interior quality is very poor. All components are plastic and badly aligned. Cabinet on the dashboard does not close properly and it leaves a big gap between its door and dashboard. The trunk does not close easily. I have to strongly slam it every time. I have recently noticed that it is touching the bumper and it also peeled its paint very badly. There was a scratch on the passenger seat and it will probably lead to tearing soon. There was also a scratch on the back bumper.





We have become Toyota Camry and Honda Accord lovers driving used high mileage models from 1992-1994. (All 4 bangers with attitude.) This V6 is a real treat. The Mileage Queen has put 55,000 miles on "Ricky" since Sept 06 (you read it correctly). No problems to date with all service as scheduled. We are trying to do oil changes at 2500 intervals. Difficult to get it off the road that often so are considering switching to synthetic. Fun to drive, scary fast when needed and all options except NAV and XM on this XLE. She chose the XLE over the SE because she was going to do soooo many miles and she is glad she did. Would buy another one today.





I have owned three Camrys in the past. All of them I bought brand new. Everyone in my family has one and they all love it. No one can beat Toyota's reliabilty. My last 1999 Vamry drove for 260000 miles until I got into an accident. This new 07 camry is sturdy and has nice safety features. The Camry also has better leg room and more space. I have the LE 4 cyl. It has great performance. I love the tilt telescoping wheel.





This car rocks. I love how the Camry looks and feels. The radio system sounds great. The driver's seat is really comfortable. When I push on the gas the car goes. I like the smooth ride and the smooth accelration.





For those who complain of power you're expectations are too high. For an I4 this car has a lot of kick, if you want more power then go with a V6. No problems with the transmission at all. Only problem was that the car's bumper was a different shade of white, but Toyota was happy to replace it. 





I bought my Camry in January 2007. It now has 4200 miles. I like everything about it except low speed throttle response. From dead stop and cruising above 40 mph it is ok, but slowing down to 10-20 mph and needing sudden burst of acceleration to merge into hole in traffic, nothing happens for what seems like seconds when I put gas pedal down to floor. I become a traffic hazard. My wife's 1999 Toyota Sienna has always had consistant and powerful throttle response at any speed and situation, I want the same in this new car.





This is my third Toyota, and my last one. I'm disappointed seeing that every time this car consumes more gasoline. I've been measuring the miles/gallon since I purchased it, and it never goes higher than 23 mpg in a mix of city and mostly highway. Also, it hesitates when I press the gas, and 3 seconds later it accelerates with a jump! It doesn't feel safe! 





I have seen reviews for this car all over the map. In my case, I had low expectations going in and find myself loving the car more each time I drive it. I have the 4-cyl auto sport. I would not have passed up the 6-cyl if I could have found one, but the 4-cyl is more than adequate. The SE package gives it a tight, fun ride that I did not expect and looks that separate it from the standard style you see everywhere else. Fit and finish are exquisite, the interior is extremely well designed, looks good, fun to drive. What else do you need? You're really not compromising anything here in my opinion. It's a Camry, not a BMW. Remember that, test drive it, and judge for yourself.





Okay - if you want a true sports suspension with Volvo, BMW, Saab-like Euro styling and you insist on five star safety features, then go get the completely redesigned Camry SE w/ 5 speed manual trans. This car is more fun to drive than I could have imagined - quick, nimble, amazing handling, good solid power for a four cylinder that you control with the 5m... truly fantastic gas mileage. You will love it but you need to be the type of sports car enthusiasist who loves the control of a 5 speed stick. I was set on a Civic Si or maybe Accord before coming across the 2007 Camry SE... my very good luck I did. Racing bike fits in trunk!





Ordered the LE V6 Feb. 15th and delivery was April 15th. Read a lot of negative reviews so I wasn?t sure what I was getting! Very sharp appearance and the drive is excellent! The 6 speed will take getting used to but is very sure and smooth once you are used to it. Gas mileage now is in the high 20s and that should improve with time. The handling is a little too soft in some situations but is very sure on good roads. Sound system is excellent and interior was adequate but the room is awesome! Would buy it again and recommend it.





I bought my 2007 Camry LE about 1 year ago, and put 23,000 miles on it. I loved every minute of driving this car! I have had no transmission issues or rattling, the comfort and ride of this vehicle felt to me much more high end then what I had paid. I loved the car so much that I traded it in already to buy the SE 2.4 liter version of the car, and boy I love this car even more! The interior feels that of a Lexus or BMW and the exterior is an eye catcher. I have owned it for a week and have already been complimented on the car a half dozen times on its looks. 





Having driven Honda and Nissan for many years, would like to feel the difference of Toyota. Bought brand new Camry two months ago and put 1000 miles on it. It drives quiet and smooth. Since I didn't drive in traffic often, I didn't feel the hesitation in acceleration. However, the brakes are very soft and unresponsive. I've got to depress brake pedal very hard each time to slow it down. The braking distance driving a Camry is a lot longer than driving Honda and Nissan. Returned it to dealer for check and the answer was "normal". Average local MPG: 25-28 





We purchased our first Toyota product, an '07 Camry LE AT in October 2006, after months of consideration and test driving them as rental cars (averaging 30 mpg all around and 34 highway); it replaced a 1989 2WD V6 Nissan Pathfinder that averaged 21.5 mpg. What happened?! With 4000 miles, it's been a disappointment, 24 mpg (mostly hi-way) and only 400 miles/tank! Each tank gets progressively fewer mpg. It seems to be a non-issue for Toyota who dismisses the complaint and makes excuses for winter driving, gas additives, etc. We expected much more from this car and are somewhat soured on Toyota already. 





A very comfortable car. Great car, always returns 32 mpg on freeway at above legal speeds, traded in a 98 with 140k trouble free miles, this one should be the same, keep up the good work Toyota. 





The delay in acceleration and poor mileage makes this car worse than any other car in the segment. The delay in acceleration is so much, don't know how toyota let this car out in the market. Neither they have issued a recall on this. I'll file a complaint with the fed on this. It is a very basic necessity of the car that is incorrectly done. 





I've only owned the vehicle for 3 months, but have already put 12,000 miles on it. My biggest complaint is that there is a line of rust developing around both the front and rear window. It is clearly a flaw that exists, but Toyota insists that I must have scraped the paint off while removing snow. The car is garaged and has seen very little snow at all. The transmission is awful! The car is noisy & rattles which is why I say it feels cheap. I love the look, and the comfort, but would never buy one again.





We've had Toyotas in the past and been happy, not with the Camry. Acceleration hestitates and then kicks in and jerks forward, it's not a safe feeling. We had it in four times for dash board rattles, and twice for an annoying brake squeak. They ended up replacing the brakes because they could not fix the problem. There was a strange high pitch ring in cold weather that came from under the car, they could never figure out what it was. We recently replaced it with a Volvo. Hopefully we'll have better luck.





My new 2007 Camry is my fourth Camry in 26 years. I've always had great experiences with Camrys. I've driven my new one for 2600 miles and recently took it on the first long trip. The car hesitated during acceleration, repeatedly shifted gears during minimal acceleration, and ALWAYS down-shifted when using cruise control on slight inclines. In fact it down-shifted two gears to climb small hills in Florida and hit 4800 RPM in third gear. The dealer had already installed software changes related to hesitation but the car still reacts the same way. I loved my 2002 Camry since it rarely down shifted in cruise control. The 2007 cruise control reminded me of my 1981 Corolla!





I've been very pleased. The ride is smooth and quiet and the acceleration is better than I expected. I haven't experienced any "pausing" as in other posts but have had some creaking from the dash during the cold weather (I thought it might have been my imagination until reading here). After 10,000 miles I still enjoy going for a ride! Mileage a little disappointing. 26 mpg (75% highway). On recent all highway trip got all the way up to 28! 





I just got my 2007 Camry LE I4 and really like its refinement over a 2002 I owned. Compared to the 2005 Altima I traded it is world of refinement also. I do a lot of touring and so far this car has been wonderful.





Car drives great and what a big savings in gas. 





Now I have almost 4500 miles on my 07 LE V-6. I am still not happy and I have a 1000 mile vacation coming up. Good things: roomy, quiet, good MPG for a V-6, engine is great. Bad things: more rattles than a 10 y.o. junker, my dashboard has a crack in it, the dash rattles in cold weather. Also starter buzzes weirdly on cold morning start up. The left side of the driver's seat is lower than the right side. It takes from 1-3 seconds after pushing the gas pedal for the tranny to downshift and accelerate. With a hard heavy downshift the car takes off, but on normal moderate accelerating, it is dangerous and frustrating. I will bring it in for service soon and see if these can be fixed.





I bought my Camry in June 2006 and I have to say overall I am impressed. I now have app.12000 miles on it and have very few complaints. The acceleration is very quick and the ride is fairly quiet and smooth. However I have noticed an irritating rattle on the left upper dash speaker. There have also been a few isolated incidences where I have noticed a delayed surge in the transmission, which once put me in a potentially dangerous situation. I've read other reviews stating that the leather seats were not comfortable for long drives due to lack of cushion support, but that's not been the case for me especially after recently driving from Houston to Key West, Fla. The seats were very comfortable.





This my my fourth Toyota and I am sad to say thats it has been a bit disappointing. The car comfort, looks, performance and fuel economy are great but the paint is a disaster. As I was washing my car to remove the bugs at the pressure washer that I have always used when I began to see my bumper paint washing away like it was chalk. I then started looking at other new Camrys to realize that most are missing paint chunks on their bumpers. The dealership tried to patch paint my bumper which made it look like someone spray painted it with a spray paint can from Walmart. Factory window tint was peeling off a week after buy etc. Too many issues.





I purchased my 2007 Camry SE in July of 2006. I've had this car for almost a year now and would like to report my experiences. The car has 11,000 miles and it has been flawless. No transmission flares, hesitations, rattles or any other problems. The car still drives like the first day I bought it. It is very smooth, powerful, refined, quiet and solidly built. The gas mileage has been getting better. I first averaged 23 mpg during the break in period, but ever since then the mileage have increased slowly. I'm now past the 10,000 mile mark and averaging low 26 miles to the gallon. Overall, I am a very satisfied owner and I'm planning to keep this car for many years to come.





The missus and I really fell in love with the new styling. We have now owned for 9 mo, a very competent performer indeed. The gauge cluster is a big hit with the different modes at the touch of a button and the sound system is awesome. Plenty of room abounds in the back seat for the adults and the reclining seats are a nice touch on the long trips. Driving is quiet and refined for a 4 cyl.,handling is good as well.The factory choice of tires could be better, they are not long lasting tread, they will need to be replaced before 25K miles. At 65-70 we can average 32-34 mpg - 27 overall mpg. If we were not so tight we should have gotten the V6. We wouldn't hesitate buying another.





I grew up driving Fords, my whole family works at Ford. I decided to buy the 07 Camry and I love everything about it. For a 4cyl engine this car can move. When you need the power the car and provide it. I have read some of the reviews saying that it doesn't have power this is not true. 





Have put 24,000 miles in 1 year. The engine whines annoyingly on acceleration, front cupholder lid rattles when open. Right rear door rattles inside most of the time. Front seats are not comfortable on long trip. Radio lights are too bright at night. Highway mileage is 29, which I consider poor for a 4-cylinder. My '06 Avalon did as well with a V6.





I have a high opinion about Toyota because I have seeen many toyota cars running flawlesly even after 150,000 miles. I own this vehicle for more than 6 months and have driven it for 4500 miles. I love its Avalon like roomy interior and great looks. Bought it when got carried away by its looks but ultimately find it to be a poor investment. This car does not drive well in cruise control at all (eng revs up & dn). Also, seals around doors are poor, you will surely get water leaks even when you wash the car. I get 18 MPG in city and 27 on freeway. Not impressed with MPG! Telescopic steering is not great either.





I was not sure at first about trading my 01 Honda Accord but have been more than satisfied with the performance, looks, and comfort. I love the interior lighting... very retro. Ride is much smoother than the Honda. 





This is an all around great car. Good performance, good layout on the inside, soundly built, quiet - low road noise, large trunk. It has good pick up - there is a computer control of how it accelerates and this can act a little funny some times. It "learns" how you drive and adjusts for your driving style. I'm not sure it's always the best thing, but not a reason to avoid this car.





I checked out all cars in this area and found this to be the winner. Fun to drive, inexpensive insurance and can handle 5 people, if some are kids. 





Overall I am very pleased with my Camry SE, though I did just have it in the shop for a creak in the seat which Toyota is aware of. Toyota did a TSB on the seat, which did not fix the problem. So Toyota had to replace the seat assembly. Other than that, no other problems to report. Still a great car to own and drive.





Moving from another vendor (Audi A4) to the Camry meant the Camry getting a hit from a driver evaluation. The time to reach peak performance is almost at redline, not something I want to do for any vehicle needless a new one. If improvement could be made or factory tuning modifications offered to allow for better engine performance, that would help. Overall though for the engine statistics, the engine performs excellently.





My '02 Camry 4 cyl LE had a smoother and quieter engine. The '07 constantly downshifts when in cruise on the interstate and is annoying. There are also hesitation problems. I still like the car and the reliability, but my old Camry definitely had the better engine even with 170,000 miles on it.





I had one for a year, Toyota was good to replace the two transmissions that failed, I was on my 3rd tranny, when my engine light came on due to a sensor in the tranny. The inside squeaks, the seat belts are hard to get and rattle on the passenger side, if left hanging there. Paint chips way to easy. The brakes squeal, but they fixed that too. I went to a different brand of car, and I must say Toyota did listen to my problems, but I am sorry I am done with Camry. This was the 7th Camry and the last, I feel Toyota quality is slipping big time. Trying to be number one in sales has made them number 5 in customers' eyes.





For those who complain about the power get a V6, for an I4 this car is as powerful as they come. I love everything about this car, I drove to Phx, AZ over the weekend and I had a wonderful time driving the car on the open hwy. As for the hesitation, I didn't encounter any. So far my experience has been wonderful!! Best "VALUE" car I've ever bought. 





The appearance of the new camry is great. I had a 1995 camry and loved it. This 2007 camry does not live up to the camry tradition. Gas mileage is poor, 25 mpg. The gas pedal & transmission are out of sync. At lower speeds when you try to give it gas an intermittent delay occurs between the gas pedal & transmission. This is dangerous. When it finally decides to engage the auto jerks forward. Car looks good but it is seriously dangerous. Dash also rattles. 





We bought our black Camry CE and we really like it. It's not a sports car and it doesn't drive like one. But is safe and reliable and that is what we were looking for. Plus it looks awesome.





Based largely on this forum, I bought 07 Camry three weeks ago. Leather, heated seats. Love Bluetooth - big safety factor. Great sound system/radio. Highway mileage already greater than promised. Wish for some way to dim radio cluster at night without dimming gauges - only complaint. Highly recommend car. Excellent proof of what vigorous competition can produce.





I rated this car pretty high when I first bought it. 6 months and 7K mi later, and the tranny has been replaced, the dash rattled all winter, and the starter makes weird noises when it's cold. BUILD QUALITY IS TERRIBLE. I'm so disappointed that I may take the hit and just ditch this for something I feel good about driving that doesn't rattle like a 10 year old piece of junk. I'm just amazed that these issues haven't gotten more widespread notice. DO NOT BUY an '07 Camry new or used, unless you enjoy visiting the dealer often.





Seventh Toyota I have owned, This is the fourth Camry along with two Avalons. This is easily the best Camry I have owned. A little stiffer ride than the xl and xle models I have had, but still comfortable and quiet. Heard many complaints about noisy plastic when cold. I have noticed that a little until the car warms up. Acceleration or transmission shifting: if you have owned a Toyota four cylinder before this will not be an issue. You can drive it in 4th and have less shifting on its own. I will take about a week to adjust. Handles well especially flat in the turns. Accelerates well into traffic. If you have owned other camrys or even an avalon I cannot see you being disappointed in this car.





This car is so slow, it takes at least 15-20 seconds to get up to highway speeds of 55+. It is hard to merge into traffic, you can put the gas pedal to the floor and the motor makes loud sounds but the car barely moves forward. The gears shift very rough. The exterior and interior are nice. This is not the Toyota quality I was expecting. With less then 3,500 miles I am very disappointed and will be trading this car soon.





My first experience with a Toyota. Purchased the Toyota Camry 3 mos. ago. Found the acceleration was excellent. Very comfortable driving. Appears to have good mileage. So far am pleased with the overall performance of this vehicle. Like the looks and styling, both interior and exterior. 





I chose the SE because I wanted something with great handling, yet soft enough and quiet ride. And I chose the V6 because of the 268 hp, a 6.0 seconds 0-60 time and a 14.5 seconds 1/4 mile. Great performance. And it comes with the 6-speed automatic. Under normal driving, the RPMs never go over 2500, and at 60 MPH the engine is relaxing at 1800 RPMs. This car is fast! I've already smoked my buddy's Altima SE-R, and and a new Acura TL. And some people are saying that there are rattles and squeaks in the dashboard, well my car doesn't have any.





I'm a relatively new Camry owner and I love it so far. I think the exterior design of the new Camry is beautiful, and I haven't had any problems with acceleration as some others have said.





Model: CE 4Dr 4 cyl, automatic, mfr'd 01/07. So far I am very impressed with this car. The only thing the CE didn't have that I wanted was alloy wheels, which I'm glad I added to the deal (just over $20k out the door). In a prior life I used to be a mechanic, and I went over this car and detail. Interior/exterior quality is very good. Quiet and refined ride, 4 cyl has sufficient power for everyday driving, and a smooth transmission that shifts well.





I traded a 2005 camry SE v6 for this underperformer as was the 05 v6 3.3 It is a good interior and exterior design and should be copied by other car makers, but the MPG for the 2.4 is poor. It is reliable but the tranny stinks and is a task to drive if your doing a lot of turning and stopping. It's fine on the road, mpg 25 avg, got 30 on the highway was best I ever did.





Love the body style and looks. Wish it delivered the gas mileage of my 2003 XLE. My 2003 delivered 34-36 mpg on the highway the 2007 gets about 29 mpg. Transmission not nearly as smooth as previous 4 speed. Very comfortable ride and seating. Very low interior noise level, which adds to the long trip comfort. When going uphill the crusie control makes rapid increases in rpm to maintain speed. Overall build quality very good.





Took delivery of the car in January 2007. SE V6 is an absolute rocket. Initially vehicle had creaking noise in the dashboard but the dealership fixed that without any problem. The car is a pleasure to drive and own.





Over the years I have bought three Camrys and was always well satisfied. With the 2007 Camry XLE I didn't hesitate to make the purchase, sight unseen (at the time none were availabile in the showrooms) because of good previous experience. Was I ever so wrong. I do not consider this a "driver friendly" car. Too many touch buttons and rocker switches on steering wheel and dash. Always seem to hit them, and change settings. None visible when driving at night. You can't use radio or CD features at night. Poor heating system - out of sync. Head lights at night poor, high beams useless, seem to flare out plus a few other annoying problems for engineering. This car will be for sale shortly 





Love the car. The only thing I hate is the shifting performance of the A/T. It feels like the car is in neutral or stay on the same gear when power is required and you have to press the accelerator harder such that the car jerks when the gear is engaged.





I had some hesitation in buying this car because of all the issues (e.g. transmission problems, etc.) addressed on several online forums. I haven't experienced any problems in 4K miles. I am particularly impressed with the V6 performance. I drive on the autobahn in Germany and this car keeps up with the BMWs, Audis, and Mercedes (top speed elec. limited to 140 mph). Germans who spent thousands more stare in disbelief when I am on their tail. Other cars may be faster, but for real world driving (even on the autobahn), this car is more than adequate. Forget all the naysayer reviews which quibble about handling - you aren't going to drive on a racetrack.





This car has it all, styling, performance, durability, wonderful gas mileage and just a great and exciting car to drive.





I really like the car and I have had it for 3 weeks now. Cannot ask for more except standard stability control, illuminated lights for door opener and window controls and 6-CD changer in all cars.





A superb car for the person who wants practical utility with a dose of performance and refinement. A wonderful drivetrain with great power and smoothness. The styling does not say "Camry" anymore and the interior is mostly excellent - door handles are too hard and plasticky, some rattles especially when cold outside, not overly fond of the center console design. The transmission does occasionally get "confused" and takes a while to select the right ratio, but this does not occur frequently. Acceleration is sufficient to embarrass many true sports cars and I routinely can out-accelerate them in traffic (not that I break any laws - :) ). Replaced my 2003 BMW 325i and I'm happy.





This is my first Toyota. The Camry is a great deal for the money, but this engine does not perfom at all. The transmission is weak, you need to think twice before jumping into traffic. Sometimes when you push on the gas the car doesn't accelerate. I get 24/26 MPG, driving 80% highway at 75. I love the design, I really regret the engine. I tested the hybrid but I had the same feeling regarding the performance. Everyday driving is different from the 30 minute test drive.





This is an outstanding car and excellent experience in my first Toyota. My XLE 2007 is both responsive and quick to a fault. The dealer told me I should buy the 4 but I wanted the V6. The V6 was too much power, but with the gas mileage difference of less than 2 MPG. So far so good. I do recommend this car!!





I recently purchased a 2007 Camry SE w/ a 5-speed manual. I have found it to be a blast to drive and the fuel economy is uncomparable. Obviously since I got the manual transmission I haven't had any problems with acceleration or anything like that. In fact, with the manual the car accelerates rather well. The exterior looks awesome with the body molding and spoiler. I just took a trip to Charlotte from Pittsburgh, and before leaving Charlotte I filled the gas tank, when I got home I had more than a 1/4 tank left and have driven for two days without the gas light coming on yet. 





We have 1000 miles on our base Camry LE V6 with no problems or regrets so far. No signs of the engine hesitation reported by some reviewers (not sure if it matters, but our Camry was made in January '07 in Kentucky). We've averaged 25 MPG. The LE V6 is powerful and quiet. Acceleration is excellent. The only feature I wanted that it lacked is alloy rims. I probably would have bought the hybrid except that it has 1/3 less trunk space. The LE has fold-down rear seats, which the SE and XLE lack. By the way, if you want to tell the V6 apart from the 4-cylinder (without opening the hood), the former has dual exhaust. Note to tall drivers: models with a moon roof have slightly reduced headroom.





I've owned Camrys before but this 2007 (2.4 L) is the worst. It is totally underpowered. It constantly hesitates, looking for the proper gear, when you punch it. It is dangerous. Total lack of frontal visability. Grossly angled windshield with large front roof supports make looking forward like looking into a tunnel. Large rear view mirror blocks off even more of frontal visability. Good luck with curbs when you turn right! Dash rattles. Gas mileage is disappointing, 21 in town. My 3.8 Town&Country got 19! Ride is bad. No head room. This was an expensive mistake. I will dump it next year for sure and eat the loss. 





What a great vehicle. The Camry has a ton of style and lots of interior room without being to bulky on the outside. I wasn't looking to buy a Camry. The previous models lacked style, but this year it is modern. The gas milage is great. I have even reached 39 miles per gallon on long road trips. 





After 14000 miles: 1. Paint is substandard. Worse paint of any car. 2. Standard stereo system. Bad sound quality. I could not turn the radio on. Replaced speakers with Sony speakers, sound quality improved. 3. Car is hesitating on acceleration. Takes 3 seconds for the car to respond. It is annoying and dangerous. 4. Squeaking noises from right side of front panel. Also clicking sound of something loose from the front panel?s right side. 5. Loud popping noises coming from the rear left shock absorber area every now and then. 6. Uncomfortable seats. After long drive, I could not move for few minutes. Wife complaining of lower back pain. 7. Rattling noise from rear dashboard?s right side.





The side panel of the leather side is vinyl and cracks near the seam. I'm on my second replacement. I use the heated seat in the winter that may be causing problems? Also, the driver's side window is difficult to control how far opens.





I bought the Camry because of past reputation. That has gone completely down the drain for Toyota. Maybe they are using bad suppliers or are not engineering for superior reliability now. List of issues I and/or most 2007 owners had: Failed CV Joint 40k, uncorrectable dash rattle, poor tranny performance even with updated ECU flashes, failed brake components. The ride, comfort, and drive is as expected, however, the quality and reputation of yore are completely gone for the flagship Camry. Look at the Accord, they have none of these TSB problems! Big regret, should have waited for the new accord! Just paid $300 to fix the failed brake issue, feels like I own a Chevy!





I bought this car for the following reasons, in order of importance: 1) Price (based on features) 2) Safety - front and rear airbags (for the 3 kids) 3) 4-wheel disc brakes 4) Gas Mileage. 5) Reliability (its a Toyota!). The car is gutless, however, and should not be used for passing other cars (I have a 4 cylinder). There have not been any major issues, with the exception of some brake squealing in the beginning, which Toyota fixed. It serves the purpose in which I bought it, and I really do like the roomy interior and the new styling, but there really is no fun factor to it. I still dream of replacing the Camry spot in the driveway with a Corvette.





I've driven Toyotas forever, but I'm afraid this will be my last one. It's not a terrible car by any means, but the quality since they starting building them in America has really slipped. It hasn't broken down on me, but it seems every month there's something new that goes wrong. A panel falls off here, something else falls off over there. Every time I go in for service there's something else they have to replace. Last time it was issues with the steering linkage which still hasn't really been completely fixed. Transmission has a very strange hesitation when shifting. Again, no problems so big it has made the car undriveable, just constant irritations.





I had the 2001 Camry, which was great & still is. (sold it to my neighbor). When I drove the 2007, v6 Camry, I laughed my you know what off. There's nothing to say except, Toyota has done some job. I can't believe the way this machine rides.





Excellent Engine. Excellent exterior design. I feel it was most beautiful car in year 2007-08. Horrible quality of interior. Everything falls apart just by little pull particularly console, curtain bag cover, gear box cover. windshield holding frame makes rubs with windshield glass whenever sudden temperature increase. Smart Key System does not work in various areas of Chicago downtown. I must use physical key to lock unlock car (not sure why).





I have to agree with BCQVETTE, HUGE Mistake. I purchased my used 2007 a couple of months ago and have become increasingly disappointed. After driving it a few days, the interior squeaking and rubbing noises increased so much that I drove to Toyota and had the body shop manager check to see if it had been in a major accident. He didn't feel that it had. The squeaking has progressed to actually being very annoying and now the front end makes strange noises. I also had the leaking roof and the Toyota service dept. charged over $200 to clean the "drain tubing" around the sun roof that became clogged. They attribute this to the previous owner parking under trees. Excessive Paint chipping.





Performance stinks due to transmission, always looking for another gear, constantly jerking, dash lights always dimming, lower grill always slipping out. Just an awful vehicle, goodbye Toyota hello American...





This is my first Toyota purchase. I am so disappointed. I wasted my money on this car. One day while my husband and I was in route to Atlanta, the car started jerking. I was asleep but the jerking of the car woke me up. We took the cruise off the car and it settled down. When we returned home, I took the car to a transmission specialist and found out that the transmission is slipping. I was told that the car was sick but not in critical condition. I then took it to the dealership where it was purchased and the head mechanic said that the car ran fine. I said, "Aah heck, it's another Mazda deal." I had almost the exact same problem with a lemon Madza Protege. My warranty will be out soon. HELP!





I have owned my Camry for over 2 years and 30,000 mi. Initially, I loved the car and couldn't drive it enough. Rattles, squeaking, and transmission troubles started shortly after. After several trips to the dealership, I am happy to report that everything has been taken care of. My wife and I were in a serious accident with it and while it was in the shop, we couldn't wait to get it back. Over the month it was in the shop, we rented several different cars and nothing seemed to measure up to the comfort and options of the Camry. Strongly recommend it, just make sure it has been taken to the dealership for the technical bulletins.





I am happy with the manual and it goes good off the line. However, how is this the car of the year? The dash slopes away from you so it is hard to use some controls on the radio. The wasted space in the radio den is amazing. The buttons are too spread out and can be hard to reach from either passenger or driver side. The steering wheel controls for the radio are awkward as they sit right next to each other instead of inverted. The radio has a blue backlighting that is very bright and can be distracting during night driving. The door locks are too small and its hard to tell which side locks or unlocks it and at night can be hard to find. Stuff rattles in the console or in the in dash storage.





The ride is nice and the power on level ground is good. Fit and finish is really good on this car. The bad though: the 5 speed automatic hunts when driving up and down mountains. It's VERY bothersome when the transmission down shifts the second one brakes when going down a mountain. The speed control as well is balky in that the slightest uphill grade causes the transmission to down shift.





I got this car last week and have about 150 miles on it. The car had initial hesitation around 40 MPH but maybe I was getting adjusted to the new car. I have not noticed any problems that other users have mentioned. The front car windows made creaking sound when rolled down but that automatically disappeared in a day. So far, it's running great. The mileage seems to be good too as the fuel indicator still shows approx. 3/4th tank full (after 150 miles). The ride is quite even at 70 MPH and the pick up is decent (not like V6). The car handles well on road even in rain and light snow. The interior is very roomy and spacious and Toyota has given some nice standard features in LE. Way to go!





Just took delivery of my 2007 Camry XLE 6 Cyl (white). This is my 4th camry and these cars never fail to exceed my expectaions. I've had all LEs in the past with 4 cyl, until now. The 6 cyl in this car has great acceleration. Other car makers should learn from Toyota that you don't need premium fuel to make a fun ride. The car is really fun to drive. The interior design is excellent (leather with heated seats). Material issues that I've read about haven't caught my eye, and if reliability and performance are as I expect them to be, who cares. The trans seems to shift fine (when really cold and fully warmed). The stereo sounds great. I'll be riding around in this baby for a long time. 





Purchased my car as a Demo and absolutely love this car. Drove a BMW 3 series before and looked at many cars before pulling the trigger. Acceleration is SICK. Interior is very nice and quiet. JBL system owns. Shocked that this car has "Camry" on the trunk. Rides great, expect solid reliability. Upgraded rims to 18" BBS/Michelin tires and it sets the car off! I am surprised at how pleased I have been so far. Lexus ES 350 at a Toyota price. When I got the car I wanted to open it up to see what it was capable of. If you buy this model be careful, I was crusing smooth and fast, looked down an was going over 100 mph. WOW! 





I love this car. The accelerating is great, the transmission is smooth, it handles well and breaking is excellent. I like the overall appearance of the Camry, especially with the SE Sports Package. I agree with others; it is a perfect balance of affordability, power, luxury and features. Gas MPG isn?t bad, been getting mid 20s hwy/cty. After doing the research/reading reviews and test driving it was an easy choice. My choices were narrowed down to the Camry SE, the Altima SE and Chrysler 300, needless to say I chose the Camry. This thing beats its rivals hands down; they just don?t measure up to the Camry. Go ahead and get one you won?t regret it!





I researched this car so thoroughly before buying that I drove my wife crazy. I have NO hestitation buying the car even after reading the problems for a very few customers about tranny flare and drive by wire hesitation. I absolutely love everything about my Camry SE V6 so far. I only have 1200kms on the car so far and yet I cannot fine one single problem with the car. I have owned over 14 Toyotas in my life and this one is the best so far. It looks, feels, sounds and smells fantastic.





OK, I've had my 07 V-6 for 2 full months. WOW what a disappointment. There are as many rattles, squeaks as my old 97 Grand Prix. Worse when it's really cold but thats ok. The engine is still phenomenal and it does get good MPG. The seat comfort is not as it was and I found that the gas-brake pedals are offset too much to the left of my body centerline. The tranny housing is too wide and as such causes an unneeded bend in my right leg, RE: KNEE PAIN. Still a quiet car, looks good, good MPG, but the rattles even if NOT moving are a major distraction. WAIT til the 08s come out to buy one.





I loved my '05 Camry 4 cyl automatic transmission LE, but I hate my '07 Camry 4 cyl automatic transmission LE. By far the biggest problems are the hesitant acceleration of the '07, and the frequent automatic downshifts at freeway cruising speeds of 65 to 70 mph. I don't know if the problem is "drive by wire" or the car weighs too much for the engine size (or both). In addition, the a/c system frequently pops out of recirculating mode on its own. Toyota also moved the controls for the electric side mirrors from a convenient position on the arm rest to an inconvenient position to the left of the steering wheel. I can't wait to get rid of this car, and I only have 6,600 miles on it.





The ride is rough, and the wind noise is unbearable. I had the windshield and seal replaced, as per the dealer internal memo to solve that problem, but it made no change whatsoever. I am so dissatisfied, I am searching for another 2007 vehicle and am selling the Camry.





Good car, it's my third Camry. But back seat is not folding anymore and trunk is smaller.





Not sure where all the negative comments are coming from. I find this to be a wonderful car. Many people have mentioned a hesitation in the transmission; I haven't seen it. Perhaps since I bought late in the model year, it was corrected. Good energy from the 4 cylinder. Very comfortable, quiet interior. Would suggest control of the dash lights. I love the display, but the light from the radio can be distracting. Some have mentioned disappointing build quality. Don't see it at all. Traded in a Mazda3 S for this and I'm fine with the decision.





One of few made in Japan. Bought first available new model sight unseen. New styling strange at first but ok and am now getting used to change. Seats are padded more firmly than previous model but comfortable on trips. New interior is very pleasing to the eye and am happy to have features like tire pressure indicator, side airbags, 4 wheel disc brakes and 16 inch wheels included as standard.





I love my Camry inside and out. I've gotten so many great compliments. And it feels good to drive a car that is heads above every other car make. No complaints here. Give me a Toyota anyday! I got the LE trim in Barcelona Red Metallic. It sure is pretty and very fun to drive! 





We test drive Sonata, Galant, and Altima, but when we drove Camry we knew this is it. It cost us a little bit more but its worth it. This car is perfect. Me and my wife just love to drive. If you look for perfection then buy a Camry.





I purchased my Camry with stock tires. After the first snow, I purchased a set of Michelin snow tires. My car does as well as the small AWD cars and maybe the smaller SUVs. I am sure I would have problems if the snow is too deep.





My first Toyota after many years with GM. Have had car for only 8 weeks, but absolutely no complaints. People stop and stare at car constantly. Bluetooth and JBL are great. Feels expensive, yet comfortable with larger interior than my Grand Prix. Makes me a better driver. No transmission problems, reacts instantaneously. Exceptional car.





Im very happy with my Camry. My parents have a 2000 Camry and never have had a problem. Stunning looks and plenty of room to boot. The bluetooth option works great, Nice touch in a car at this price level.





Purchased new/used with 1400 miles on it. Compared vs V6 Accord (less style room/performance),Turbo 4 Passat (less room/performance/reliability/premium fuel/price).The V6 is powerful. Car is extremely quiet and the SE has tighter handling.Trans is silky smooth w/no hesitation as I have read about. Car feels substantial and w/7 airbags, safe. Brakes/ABS are even/secure. Trunk is big and rear seat very comfortable for 2 and will seat 3. Headroom/body room comfort great for my 6'1" 250 lbs. Steering feel is good but not BMW road feel although this car beats the 3 series in many areas of "we need 1 car to do it all" types. Eats less gas than I thought at 27 MPG w/50/50 city/hwy driving. Give it a serious look.





I have owned 2 cars, Camry 03 and corolla 03. I traded in my corolla 03 for a new camry 07 LE with I4 engine. It's been 3 days only. It has serious acceleration problem and is hesitant in pick up .Sometimes I need to press gas pedal hard to gain power. I have been a toyota loyalist since 4.5 yrs .This is the greatest disappointment I ever had with Camry 07. 





I was a bit hesitant about buying the 2007 Camry because of all the negative reviews on the acceleration problems. However, I have had no such problems and this is the 3rd Camry that I have owned. My first was the '95 LE (+250,000), '03 LE (+74,000) and now the 2007 all four bangers. I feel that the Camry just gets better and better in terms of comfort, styling and performance with each generation. For me the Toyota family is the way to go.





So far I really like my new Camry. I have had it for a little over a month and a half. I was hit by someone in my old '98 Camry and this is a nice upgrade. The car rides very smoothly, which I really like, and it is fun to drive. I love the body style and the interior. The gauges are really cool and the stereo setup is great. The power driver's seat is awesome and the lumbar support works well too. I enjoy driving the car every day and tend to stare at it whenever I park or look out my window at home. 





As soon as I saw it, I loved it. I've been test driving new vehicles for a few months now and as soon as I drove my new SE I knew it was the one I had to have. It looks awesome, turns like it's on rails, has a great sound system, and is just comfortable and fun to drive. The 268 hp V6 is great coupled with the sport manual shifting on the 6 speed automatic. The braking is great. The steering is very responsive. It rides very nice, and with body kit and TRD rims gets a lot of attention. I've been nit-picking this car since I got it and can't find anything I don't like about it. Everyone who's seen it or ridden in it loves it just as much as I do. Toyota really did a great job on this one!





Bought the XLE V6 with every option on it except heated seats... who needs heated seats in Florida. Car is fantastic. Exterior reminds me of a 530i and the interior is plush especially with the light woodgrain finish. The Nav is easy to use and figure out compared to other reviews I have read on other makers. I have had zero problems so far at 2000 miles and am averaging around 27mpg with city and highway combined. This is my first Toyota after driving Chrysler products for the last 15 years. 





The SE V6 drives and handles like car at the top level of the front wheel drive food chain. Little torque steer at launch and even power delivery throughout powerband. However, the transmission is a little confused at times during downshifting. The interior is on par with other cars in its class, but not up to the fit and finish of previous Camrys (trust me, my parents have had 7 Camrys since the late 80s). The JBL 8-speaker system w/BT and the leather seats are money well spent. If you want a practical vehicle with good looks, excellent all around performance and a resale value no domestic sedan could touch, the Camry should definitely be on the top of your shopping list.





I love this car. My hubby is a salesman and was always talking about how great it is and he is sooo right. It is still sporty like my mustang (yet better) and I can fit the kids in it without any problems. I love the car and everyone should at least drive it. I also have the option of driving it like a standard. SO, I have a lot of fun. You should try it.





I bought this car in August of 2006. It is very fun to drive and has plenty of power out of the new V6. It is very quiet and comfortable. I have had issues with the new 6 speed transmission, there is a "shift flare" between 3rd and 4th gear with my car. Toyota is aware of the problem (it is a common problem with the 6 speed transmission) and they are actually replacing my transmission since they cannot figure out what the cause is. Hopefully once I get a new transmission, it will be OK. Other than this issue I have absolutely no complaints with the new car, and Toyota has been very eager to correct the problem for me.





This car is fine in many respects, but suffers from 1-2 sec. hesitation when applying power while the car is already in motion (from very low speeds to moderate speeds of about 35 mph). Also does not downshift (to allow more engine RPMs and therefore more power) on moderate hills when the gas pedal is pressed. The combination of the weak engine (low torque) at low engine speeds and the transmission hesitation is so bad that the car is, in my opinion, a safety hazard.





Hard to find with manual trans but worth the wait. Can't beat the room, gas mileage and performance for dollar.





Awesome acceleration! Quiet ride. No squeaks or rattles after 8000 miles. No drive problems like some say they are having, i.e., hesitation or surging. 





I just got the 07 Camry 3.5 liter. The car is quite amazing. The turning radius is pretty good. The pick up is amazing. I will post more when I ride around more. Try it for yourself.





We were about to buy a Rav4, but my wife loved the Camry design. So we bought it. It hesitates to accelerate. All this "drive by wire" is crap. It takes seconds for the computer to react to the pedal. Give me good ol' cable. The paint is the worst. 9000 miles and it has almost 100 chips and holes on the front bumper. The worst cheap paint. The rest is nice about the car, but man those two can overpower the nice things about the car. MPG are lies, read the EPA testing procedures and you will know why this car says 34mpg. You will never get 34. 50/50 city/hwy, we get 25mpg average. EPA lies.





Seats are very good, ride and handling great, just a well thought out car. Great tranny, brakes are perfect. It's a car thats great to drive around town or on the road.





As compared to my wife's 2004 Highlander, my new Camry does not exhibit the same build quality. While I applaud the new design (my previous car was a 2005 SE V6 Camry), Toyota seems to be slipping in quality. Examples include fit and finish; had to have the drivers door realigned due to metal-to-metal contact causing terrible rattling (still not 100% fixed), poor fit of interior parts, which causes a lot of rattling, especially when it's cold out; the auto tranny has a history of serious problems and acts weird, and lastly the paint quality, which chips very easily. Toyota can do better!





All around well conceived mid-size sedan. Looks great in XLE/ V6 trim with dark grey exterior. Smooth, comfortable, reliable, fast. A discreet near luxury car that is sexier and sportier than previous Camrys. 





At 40 mph speed and above if you need a sudden acceleration (such as in a merge situation, at times) the car doesn't respond! It takes several attempts to do so. At some scenarios, this might cause severe injuries or even death! Dealer recalibrated ECU, engine and transmission. Improvement was negligible. Dealer offered to recheck the car again. Test drove identical camry at a different dealer; transmission reacts same way... it hesitates at 40 mph or over! Otherwise, the car is really a great car.





From day one, the Camry has exceeded nearly all my expectations. The engine is strong providing brisk acceleration. The interior is top notch and the navigation system is very intuitive. The sound system is superb providing clear and crisp audio - even when played loudly. From the heated seats, to the push button start, to the MP3 capability and on screen selection capabilities this car is truly a joy. I'm consistently amazed at how much response there is off the line from the V6. And, the response doesn't end there, at highway speeds when you punch the accelerator the engine downshifts and provides a surge of forward motivation. 





This is my fifth Camry, and definitely the best yet. Very comfortable seating position for both me and my husband. Smooth shifting. Good acceleration for engine size, and good mileage, especially when highway cruising around 70 mph (33-34 mpg). Lots of nice standard features. Steering wheel controls for stereo mode, presets, volume, temperature, Bluetooth, computer info. Great dual zone climate control. Customizable features which don't require dealer help like some brands (auto lock modes, interior light modes, etc.). Reclining rear seat.





Love the styling and the way the car handles. The powertrain is smooth. This is my 6th Toyota product. They have done a great job in redesigning this car. Would like better wheels, but other than that, this sedan is an excellent choice for this price point!





Maybe its reliable, maybe the 2006-07 redesign is good. But I hate the drive, it's atrocious.The windnoise is extreme, so not like a Camry. The 4 cylinder is a shame. The size of the car increased and the hp remained the same. Don't know about V6 but the I4 is not for real drivers.





OK, first of all I was really reluctant to buy after I read some of the posts here. However, I rented a Camry before I bought one to see if I could experience what people here experienced. In the rental I did experience the hesitation but nothing I couldn't live with. Overall I was impressed. I bought a new Camry after I rented one. I have experienced none of the bad experiences posted here. The car is performing well. The only slight problem is a vibration at 70mph, feels like an out of balance tire. I drove the car 600 miles in the last week and gas mileage averaged 26 mpg. strictly hwy was 31 mpg. So that is my experience.





Quality is abysmal. The car started to develop problems when it had less than 3,000 miles. Transmission slips, especially when the car is cold. Transmission replacement did not resolve the problem. Also, many rattles and squeaks.





This is my first car, and I love it. I bought this new Camry solely on infamous reliability and reputation. Mine is super white, and exterior is georgeous. I'm 24 years old and I would've never bought this Camry if it wasn't redesigned. Interior is simple and well laid out. The blue neon center console makes the interior look really cool, every single person that's been in my car loved it. I didn't notice any tranny hesitation for over 300 miles mixed city/hwy and 250 miles round trip on hwy. Fuel economy is just so-so. Overall, it blasts off any competitors. 





It hasn't even been a week since the purchase, but I have to say I am satisfied. I love the exterior body and color (Aqua Green). The interior is extremely comfortable, and spacious. Great standard features like the side airbags, and 6 speaker MP3, am/fm radio. I love the lighting on the radio controls, and the material on the interior, very soft and stylish. The one and only complaint I do have so far is the cruise control. We do quite a bit of traveling, and the fact that it pulls that way on certain parts of the road (uphill mainly) is not very convenient, but overall, good run for the money.





Fantastic ! You won't know until you drive it !





This is my first Toyota, had a Nissan Altima 2.5S. The Camry by far is a better overall car. I love the 93hp more and the extra torque. This is an awesome car, can't get enough driving around. Now my commute to work is too short.





I always wanted a Camry and now that I have it I am very satisfied. For the price I couldn't have asked for a better performing, comfortable and stylish whip.





This new Camry is terrific. I haven't experienced any problems at all. The ride, the fit and the build quality are what I was expecting after owning Toyotas in the past.





My driving experience thus far with the Camry has been positive. It handles well and the engine performs great for a 4 cyl. The engine is quiet and it accelerates well. The seating is relatively comfortable. Although I'm 6'2 tall and most sedans are not fun to get in and out of for me anyway. The only thing this car doesn't have is trunk space. If you have kids I would suggest a larger vehicle unless you intend on having only one child. Overall the car is fun to drive, it's reliable, and is awesome on the freeway for those 2-3 hr trips.





This is our fifth toyota camry in the past fourteen years. Each year's model got better than the previous one. This 2007 is the epitome of the Toyota's quality.





This car drives fantastic, looks great, perfectly acceptable power and handling. A perfect balance of affordability, power, luxury and features. Ergonomics and engineering are second to none at any price. It is the only vehicle I have owned that I am totally pleased with. It is a great departure from my prior vehicles which include a Corvette, Dodge Ram, Sedan De Ville and Explorer. All of the above vehicles I liked but all had some type of issues. I am really pleased with the Camry so far. I have tinted the windows and may add some 18" or 19" wheels but that will be all. Everything else is perfect just as it is, from the one touch sunroof to the steering wheel mounted controls. 





I have had my 07 Camry LE for a few months now, and I am extremely disappointed. I traded in my 04 Accord and it was the biggest mistake I ever made. I am terrified that I will not be able to accelerate when I need it. Toyota will need to address the lack of power, I have to be very aware of this issue prior to making any moves on the street. I also am not impressed with the quality. My previous Accord felt better on the road. This car is too boring and dull.





I just picked up my 07 LE-V6 so I can't comment on the total overall package. I do love the look and the dual exhaust and obviously the engine. I will post a more detailed review in a few months. I can be picky so read here in a few.





Very quiet riding. Smart key is a great feature. Power lumbar is a nice touch for driver. Car is a big improvement over previously owned 2000 Camry XLE, particularly in handling and performance. Gas mileage on recent long trip was a disappointing 28-29 mpg. My overall impression is that Toyota left a lot of features off of the 2007 Camry that are available on its competitors' models, such as the Passat. Toyota by design wants to force you to consider the Avalon. Toyaota doesn't seem to get it that some people are willing to pay for those features on a 189" vehicle without getting a car as big as an Avalon. 





Bought the car in May after totalling my '04 Jeep Liberty in Feb. With all the amenities, I feel like I'm in a much more expensive car! Temp controls on the steering wheel, Bluetooth works perfectly with my motorola, JBL sound system is crystal clear, AUX input is great for the iPod, and the car has a much more refined appearance than its predececssor. I like the "fraichir" fabric and actually prefer it somewhat over leather (especially on extremely hot or cold days!).





Not a whit of problems with this car. Has not been back to dealer for any reason since we bought it in August. This is the fourth Camry in this family, and this one seems to be the best of any of them. Congratulations to Toyota for another excellent automobile.





I totaled my Scion tC a month ago and just bought a Camry LE 4cyl today. I have been quite impressed with the way it handles and the torque. It does surprisingly have a bit of "pep in its step" I am quite happy with this purchase and I would recommend this car. My brother referred this car to me and I have never been happier with a purchase.





I bought this car because I knew it would be reliable transportation for many years. It's a great value for the money. Gets good gas mileage. It's dependable and economical, yet sporty. Interior is very nice. Controls are all in perfect spots for driving convenience.





I've had my new Camry XLE V6 since early November and have slightly less than 1,000 on the odometer. A couple plastic covers that hide the rear of the drivers seat rails have worked loose but I consider this to me a very, very small inconvenience. Overall, this is the nicest Camry I've ever owned (I've owned four in my lifetime including the original, first year 1983 model). The engine noise is almost non-existent and the ride so smooth and controlled. On the highway I've regularly averaged over 30 mpg at a steady 55 mph. Transmission is exceptionally smooth other than the first few shifts on a cold winter morning. It's really difficult to find anything about this car that isn't nice.





After looking at many competitors, I made a final decision that I'm very excited about. The Toyota SE V6 is one incredible car. The power that comes with the V6 is such a great asset to have. While cruising at 80 MPH on the freeway, you can't even tell how fast you're going and if you need to gas it, boy, this car has some major power! It's clean and luxurious and the rear seats for the kids are very roomy. The Nav with bluetooth is something you just have to have. The bluetooth is so convenient and easy to use. I used to always want to hang up while driving on my cell but now I'll talk all day. I LOVE MY CAR!





This is my first new car and I'm happy I went with the Camry. This car has plenty of pick up and go even with the in line four cylinder engine along with good gas mileage and handling. Not to mention the new body style is awesome. Overall everything is great and I'm now a loyal Toyota owner.





Driven my new Camry less than 1,000 miles and not as pleased with it as my '00 Camry. Cruise control gains, RPMs accelerate up hill causing engine to make loud noise while using cruise control, higher in back making it harder to judge while backing up and transmission not completely smooth in take offs. Overall, I still like the car and love Toyota's reliability, so I'm banking on this one to hold up to their reputation. 





I have always wanted a Camry and have not been disappointed with this purchase. We have been on two trips and this car has performed like a dream. I do wish the seat would "rise" somewhat. I am rather short and unfortunately put a big dent in rear door as I didn't see that pole! Does have some "air noise" when freeway driving. Other than that I am very pleased with the features. If it performs and lasts as well as the 91 Corolla sitting in the driveway, still running, I will be thrilled. 





An article came out 2 weeks ago about Toyota having an upgrade on the sluggish shifting & hesitation for the Camry 2.4 5A. I took my car back to the dealer & they upgraded the engine software and calibrated the tranny. My car does not hesitate anymore & the auto shifting is smooth. Now I can say that this is an exciting car to drive. Good job Toyota, for correcting what should not have been in the first place. For owners who are having the same problem with the hesitation & shifting, I suggest that you bring it back to your dealer for the fix. You will feel the difference.





The look is much improved. Serious disappointment in gas mileage - particularly over my previous 1999 model. Interior is very nice and much improved. The car does have more power, is both wider and longer than previous models. There is a delay in the initial accleration. The ride is, as in previous models, very smooth and luxurious. 





I have my Camry since 3 months and I am already unhappy with it and planning to sell it. I am getting a very low MPG, around 20 Mpg which is making me very unhappy. The acceleration response is pretty bad and I am surprised how Toyota released such a product.





Though I had to go through the headaches of waiting nearly a month for my Camry since I wanted it fully loaded, I'll tell you, it was worth the wait. Plenty of power that rocks, and the stereo system is slamming. It's enjoyable to listen to music and best of all, you have Camry reliabilty to back it all up. The 16" alloy wheels are pretty nice and the smart key has some drawbacks, such as not opening all passenger doors. Other than that, technology is mind blowing on this sedan and performance is incredible, with a smooth and comfortable ride. 





This is my third Toyota. This time I traded in my 05 Camry LE to get the 07 Camry XLE. Only two words can describe this for me: "Awesome buy".





I purchased this car because it had everything I was looking for. Performance, 0 to 60 in 6.1 seconds. Practicality, good interior space, easy to get in and out of including putting an infant in a car seat. Luxury, when I test drove this car I thought I was in a Lexus. It is very solid. The JBL radio with the handsfree bluetooth system is worth every penny. I couldn't believe how easy it was to pair with my cell phone. Every time I get in the car it automatically finds my phone. The sound quality is excellent and answering or dialing a call couldn't be easier. The six speed auto transmission is very smooth. 





I love my new Camry! It's fast, fun and eye catching! I chose the SE model over the XLE because I love the sporty look that the other models don't have. It's also very roomy for those with families and plenty of safety features! Don't hesitate, go get yours today!!





Never owned a Toyota until I bought the 2007 Camry. I have heard about Toyotas from friends about how they were excellent automobiles and one of the best automobiles to own. So when the wife wanted a new car I decided to check out the Toyotas and was hooked.The new Camry design is excellent and I am excited to own my Camry. When I go to buy another auto it will be a Toyota. 





This is our first Toyota. We have driven a lot of different cars but so far this is the best of the lot. I'm 6'3" and I find this car very comfortable to drive or ride in. Better than the 2001 Blazer we traded in. Gas mileage on the first tank was 30.96 M.P.G. which is better than I expected to get. The little 4 cyl seems fine with plenty of power for our trips to town or wherever we want to go. It has better acceleration than the V6 Blazer had. 





Love my Camry, it is fun to drive and big on the road, a big improvement from my altima. The desert sand is an awesome color.





My last car was an F150 which I owned for eight years, 195,000 miles! I chose the Camry because of Toyota's reputation for building a car that is reliable and lasts. My friends say my car is just like a Lexus and I have to agree, very comfortable and beautiful. The wood detail is different from other luxury cars because of the light color. And when I need to move out the six engine is fast and furious! I am enjoying my car and highly recommend it to friends and family.





Thirty year old male excited about a Camry? I traded in an 03 Mazda 6s for a XLE V6 Camry. Interior materials are far better than my old Mazda and V6 power is nuts... a wolf in sheeps clothing when you hit the gas. While the Camry is much faster than the 6s, steering is a bit soft and not as responsive. Seats are comfortable, but wish the seat bottoms tilted back more into a bucket position. Stereo is amazing. Our 04 highlander also has premium JBL, but the new JBL is much better and even better than the Bose found in my old Mazda. 





It's a very nice car . I got this the 2nd week after release. I love it, no doubt it's an excellent car. Some people are saying it's slow with pickup, it's not true. If you are going for a family 4 cyl car that's what you will get. I don't see any issues with this.





My 2007 Camry rocks!!! Acceleration, braking, pickup, everything about the car is awesome! The car absolutely wants to fly. I had a '99 Camry before; it was great also, but the upgrades on this one are wonderful. It's quieter, faster, great fuel efficiency, more standard options, more room, the stereo is great. I just can't say enough about it. 





After driving this car for a month it is very obvious to me that there is a design flaw in the transmission. The acceleration is acceptable if a bit jerky but if you need to drive between 30 - 60 MPH you will not like this car. The transmission constantly shifts back and forth between gears. When this first started happening I though I may have had the emergency brake enabled or big gusts of wind kept hitting the car. This problem makes this car absolutely no fun to drive and makes me wish I had purchased something else. 





This is our 7th Toyota and no surprises. Solid, high quality, comfortable and quiet. I get positive comments each day on the exterior/interior design. "Camrys have come a long way" is the typical response. I am please with all attributes of the vehicle. I am a little disappointed with the mileage but I do have a tendency to drive more aggressive in the model. I traded my 2003 RAV and have not doubted myself since. Nice job Toyota.





Purchased the Camry for my wife. It has everything except global positioning. Gets 31 to 37 MPG at 70 MPH. Depends on gas quality & wind conditions. It gets around 24-26 MPG with our town & highway driving. My wife and I are very impressed. She had a Olds 98, & I have a 93 Cadillac. Hard to believe, but the Camry drives & rides better than either GM car. At 15000 miles, there have been absolutely no problems. Acceleration is excellent, contrary to what I expected from a 4 cylinder. It climbs hills far better than the Olds 98 V6 ever did. Altogether, it is a great car. We couldn't be more pleased.





I am a 72 year old white male. After driving this Toyota for 3180 miles, I am more than pleased with handling, economy, fun of driving, ease of parking, quiet ride and excellent vision to the outside. Appx. 2000 miles were on a trip north on I-95 the rest of the mileage was in Daytona Beach, FL and surrounding area. on my 2000 mile trip gas mileage in Florida, Georgia, and South Carolina was 32.7, as I edged into the mountains of NC and Virginia, the mileage fell to 30.9. In town driving the mileage has been 20.1. I have used 87 octane fuel. I would still select this automobile knowing what I have now experienced. The new semi manual gear shifting added pleasure in the mountains.





I have driven this car less than a 1000 miles and I like it. My only complaint is not sufficient foot room between the accelerator and the brake pedal. My size 14' s sometimes get caught under the brake pedal. NOT GOOD!!!!!





I own my 2007 Camry SE since April 2006. I have seen the following problems: 1.) Hesitant response of the engine to the gas pedal, it can be a safety issue on highway. 2.) Water on the seat when you open the car door or roll down the window, in a slight rain. 3.) Rattling dashboard when the car is cold. 4.) Uncomfortable head restraint, too close to my head. I hope that Toyota would call me some day to offer a fix to the hesitant engine response, as I am really disappointed with this car's performance. I'd like to keep this car for years, but sometimes this hesitation problems bothers me so badly that I think to trade this 6 month old car with something more reliable. 





I like the car its good looking and has a nice ride. The fuel economy is decent but not has good as the sticker promises. I have averaged about 24 MPG since I have it. The fit and finish quality is poor. When the driver's door is closed there is a tight fit between the door and dash. When the door on the passenger's side is closed the gap is a quarter of an inch! Toyota's quality is slipping. Out of 11 Camrys on the lot 6 of them had this same defect. When I complained to the dealer they told me that it's the way the car was built and to fix it they would have to take the dash apart. I was shocked at this response, I expected more.





An excellent car for any age. More power, and excitement than the last generation Camry. No comparison with the competition. Toyota has out done themselves this time. 





I have owned a Maxima SE in the past, in my opinion '07 Camry SE-V6 is a much better performance car. Especially with the 19" TRD wheels/Michelin tires package. You will love this car. Superb handling, performance and comfort. Overall, an excellent choice vehicle.





Like the Toyota a lot. 4th Camry owned. Give this 2007, 4 cyl, a 90, or B+. 4 cyl a little under powered, (my '96 was better). Do not like radio controls on steering wheel. When turning wheel with palm of hand, the stations change! Also same happens when I "toot" the horn (my fault). Would like to see better gas mileage too. Car is noiser than my '96 Camry. But still a great bargain in today's market.





The car is great. I didn't even plan on getting a Camry and test drove it just for fun. Turns out, it was one of the smoothest, most comfortable rides ever. Plus, for a 4 cyl this thing has some speed. I drove a V6 before and really can't tell much of a difference.





4 cylinder gets good mpg but no pickup. Coming out of a corner and you need some pickup, forget about it. The acceleration is terrible. 5 months old already replace rotors and brakes. Toyota did not want to replace without me paying for it. I put a lot of miles on a car. Camry is 5 months old already have 20k on it. Tire noise stinks. Vibration in front end that Toyota can't find. Interior rattles. Bluetooth is awful. You can't have the a/c on or the moonroof even cracked. I had to yell just to get through a call. Car overall is terrible. Would not buy another Camry EVER!!





I like my 2007 Camary Toyota. But there are a few things I do not like about it. (1) it has a very slow take off. It could cause some accidents. Thinking you have enough time and room to pull out, when in fact you do not. I wait rather then take chances. (2) my check engine light came on twice. First is was when I filled up the gas tank and was told that I did not tighten the cap UNTIL it clicks. 2 weeks later it happened again and they had to replace something under the hood. (3) I do not get good radio stations. There is a lot of static. (4) no automatic rear view mirror. I drove a Toyota Avalon, before I guess I got spoiled. (5) I am disappointed with the gas mileage. 





I bought this car smitten by its exterior look and interior comfort. Yes, it is very comfortable, esp for the price paid. The interior is classy, the standard MP3 is useful, the host of curtain bags and standard features add to the plus. Also the car is very quiet and looks like a lexus. However the infamous hesitation is so very apparent. I drive in rush hour bay area traffic and it is just a huge letdown. The start is very bad. The 20-40 mile range hesitation is worse. The transmission is just terrible. Period. And it is not just the 4 cylinder syndrome. I drive a 94 Nissan GXE which I prefer over the new camry. That should explain it. It is downright dangerous to merge on freeways.





Owned 2 previous Camrys and was sick of the boringness, sluggish acceleration and performance, but loved their dependability and durability. I test drove Infiniti's G35 and was pondering spending the extra $ for it when a friend and I stopped by the Toyota dealership just for a look-see. WOW! They have changed the Camry. In terms of bang-for-your-buck it blew away the overpriced G35. Acceleration and handling are excellent with good fuel efficiency. I opted not to get the Nav. system but other than that it has all the bells and whistles for under 30k. Transmission is a little different than previous Camrys (downshifts at strange times) but MPG and better accel. are worth the transmission.





Got my SE 4cyl in September after one month of waiting. This is my first new car after the old 1995 Nissan altima. It is very nice in the highway, but it is not very good in the city especially with the acceleration problem. Don't like the volume control on the wheel, it takes a long time to kill the volume if you have to get a call. 





This is a wonderfully designed automobile, fun to drive, quiet, responsive. Can't say enough about the styling, looks totally European. Kudos to Toyota, they have their hand on the pulse of the public.





Had my XLE V6 for a little more than 30 days and 2K miles. No issues at all. Hwy fuel economy with the V6 is close to many 4 cylinder vehicles. Very quiet and comfortable ride, more than enough power. Cornering is a little sloppy, but on the highway things are very smooth.





I've only had my 2007 SE 4-cyl Camry for a few days now. I love the way it looks and handles. I had a 97 Camry LE for 9-1/2 years & put 187k miles on it. I'm amazed at how far Toyota has come with this model. The ground effects, curves & rims give it a very Lexus-like look. I hope to get another 9-1/2 years out of this one!!





I've owned an 03 Camry LE and there is no comparison to this car. The new design is very aggressive on Toyota's part and the interior design is very contemporary. The suspension on the SE is "sport" to every sense of the word. The steering is much tighter than past Camry's. 





I just purchased this car last week and already have 400 miles on it. All I can say is: WOW! I really like the performance of the V-6, enjoy all the features (I traded in a 2000 Dodge Intrepid). I had to wait for the dealer to get one in and I had to put down a deposit. Great handling, great sound, roomy (a must for me as I'm 6'3"). Love the option of 6 speed throw shift or going across the column to the automatic. This is the seventh car I've owned and my first import. The handling is tremendous like I'm riding on rails. Steering has great response. I tried the heated seat option for the first time and that was fantastic as well. Trim is excellent. THANKS, TOYOTA!





In one word, AWESOME! This car is amazing, and can really move. I had the previous model with the V6 engine and loved the way it moved and shifted gears without struggeling. The new camry blows that one away. The ride is quieter, the car faster, the exterior and interior looks better. For all interested in getting a car that performs better than some BMWs, this is it. It is faster from 0-60 than the BMW 330i and has a higher top speed than the 530xi. Congrats to all that own it, I know I'm happy with it.





I ordered this car without seeing the inside or driving the model year. I just trusted the brand and I have to say it has exceeded my expectations. I have had a couple of 4cyl. cars in the past and this far and away blows them out of the water. It has plenty of power for my needs and I have noticed no transmission problems at all. It is an extremely quiet and smooth ride. Looks great rides great. I had leather put in after sale and its good, not great but good. Overall car has exceeded my expectations. 





Like everyone else, I have the problem with the transmission. Toyota needs to do a recall before someone gets seriously hurt. I also have a problem with a film on the windshield. It's kind of spotty. I've tried to clean it; even took it to a car detail place, but it won't come off. This makes night time driving & driving in wet conditions day or night extremely difficult. The detail place told me they think it's a defect in the windshield. I'm taking the car into the dealership next week to see if they will correct these problems. Other than the above and the wind noise, I really love my Camry.





I purchased a 2007 Camry LE in 2006. I have always purchased Toyotas; buying this one was a mistake and will be my last Toyota purchase. I had to have the carpet in the front replaced because my heel went through it. I explained to the dealer that I have a 2000 Camry (still runs) and never got a hole in the floor; they replaced it after threats. The car does not shift smoothly; hesitates. The paint is chipping so badly, the tires wore too quick. I faithfully get this car serviced, as soon as I can afford to I am going to get a Honda or Acura. My underinflated tire light keeps coming on, according to the dealer I can put nitrogen in the tires to prevent this problem. 





Initially, I thought that I was making a good investment as I was the owner of a 1994 Camry in the past. My 1994 Camry was worth every penny I paid for it. My 2007 Camry is NOT worth the money I've invested in it. I paid for quality & all I've gotten thus far is NOT quality . The paint job is terrible. I've gotten too many chippings and scratches. You can't even touch the car unless it will get scratched. I just recently had an accident & now after reading the reviews, It appears the skidding was due to the tires. Tires don't go bad in less than 2 years. I don't feel safe in this car at all. Toyota is saving a lot of money on our expense. I used to believe in the Toyota but NO MORE!





When I bought this car, I was so happy to see Toyota improved the bland styling of the previous model years. I was hooked by its looks, but after driving it for the last two years, I am disappointed. I have had non-stop transmission problems, terrible sunroof noises, very uncharacteristic squeaks and rattles from everywhere in the dash, and unacceptable paint issues.





I'm happy with my Camry. Coming from mini-vans, this is like a sports car for me! The V6 seems like it is a "must" for this particular car. It has a lot of get-up and go. I just had it serviced at 20,000 miles and was told I needed an alignment because my tires were wearing unevenly. I do mostly highway driving and have not hit any potholes, so we're not sure why this happened. I see from other reviews that there are problems with tires needing to be replaced at 20,000 miles. Also, my son has a 94 Camry and the engine runs so quietly. The 2007 is a lot noisier. 





I purchased my Camry two years ago and am in love with it today as much as when I drove it off the lot. It handles beautifully on dry pavement or snow. It floats on the road, handles like it's heavy and substantial, but I get great gas mileage - around 30 mpg. It's also very easy to park; turns on a dime. I do a lot of interstate driving, and it's by far the best car I've owned (prior cars were Jetta, Civic, 2 Accords, Altima and Prelude). If you're considering a Camry, you won't regret getting one!





I traded in my 1993 Camry after 14 years and 137000 miles with no problems. This Camry doesn't compare in any way to my old one. It's bigger and drives nice, but there are too many squeaks and rattles in the entire car. Very cheap feeling plastic parts.





My wife and I purchased an '07 Camry in August of 2006. When it's not in the shop, the car runs great. The interior is nice and roomy and the exterior design is beautiful. Unfortunately, we have taken the car to the shop for the sixth time in two years today. It has been in for a rattling sunroof pan within 1 month of purchase; 3 trips for a transmission issue; the radio quit working this summer and needed replaced and now the oil line for the VVTi has ruptured. Per the service manager, Toyota claims that oil from anywhere but Toyota is formulated differently and will erode the line to the point of rupture. The power train warranty will not cover the repair. Next time, I buy Honda!





I have always had the best experiences with a Camry, and my 2007 is no exception from that! I bought it new in 2007 and I have loved it every time I drive it. It is very reliable and comfortable. I love how easily it maneuvers and always runs very quietly. It is so spacious throughout and the way the colors are done inside is nothing short of genius because it is so easy on the eyes! Also, I have close to 30,000 miles on it now and I only need to have my tires rotated every other oil change because there is always perfectly even tread wear on them. This is by far the best car I have ever had!





I'm happy with my 07 Camry. It's very comfortable and a quiet ride with low levels of road and wind noise. I drive (not own) quality cars and I can attest to the fact this car rides as well as some cars costing considerably more. As my car is only a 4 cylinder version, performance is adequate to good. There are a few things that irritate me. When one floors the gas pedal, not a lot happens, which can prove to be a bit embarrassing in certain situations. Maybe it's some electronic trickery to overcome the lack of traction control! The transmission leaves a lot to be desired. Driving in hilly and twisting roads is hard work maybe a sixth gear would solve this problem. 





I used to own a 2000 camry that I had zero problems with. So I got another one. However, this one wasn't the same. The seats are way to low to the ground making long drives uncomfortable. Also, the accelerator is delayed a few seconds which is the most annoying thing I've ever seen. 





Prior to purchasing my Camry, I test drove a number of cars including Lexus IS250/350 and Mercedes. Although impressive, the price for the cars were not commensurate to the perceived value. The XLE V6 fully loaded is a great value for thousands less. It is fun to drive and really has great body features. 





This was the first Camry I have bought and I had never had a four cyl before. I was surprise at the power of it, and driving 250 miles in a heavy rain storm the stability and ABS braking to prevent skiding was wonderful. I do not find the front seats as comfortable as the seats in my old 96 Ford taurus. Overall I am please with the 2007 Camry.





Overall, a very competent car. Some have found the transmission shifts too much, but it's only trying to keep the engine in the 2000-2500 rpm range around town where there's some torque available. If you've owned a manual shift sports car, you will know what it's trying to emulate. When the engine is cold, the acceleration off the line is very sluggish, but it is quite adequate when the engine warms up. (We'll have to see what this is like in a New York winter.) Overall, a lot of thought is evident: the auto- off headlights, the little drawer for keys, etc. So far, it's trouble-free, except for a squeak from the dash -- which you wouldn't hear if the car weren't so quiet! 





 My first Toyota product. I like it a lot. Great ride, engine, interior, gas mileage. Well built. The audio system is awesome, as is the Bluetooth technology.





This is my 3rd camry. The previous 2 were wonderful problem-free cars. My new camry is their latest model and rides just as nice if not better then the other two. I tested about 4 other models and none rode like the camry. It is sheer joy to drive on long trips.





Traded my 03 Camry 4 cylinder auto for the 07 4 cylinder auto. Toyota made many improvements since 03, including more comfortable front seats, better rear seat room and comfort (rear seat is slightly higher than the front seats for easy view from the rear), air bags all around (front, front seats, side curtain), and better auto locks (these now unlock when you shift into park). Toyota made a real goof on the engine and transmission! The car hesitates (mostly when cold), and has a lack of power when accelerating from about 20-40. Transmission shifts up and down at highway speeds, which is annoying. Car pulled to the left (3 trips to the dealer to fix). Trans module replaced, but no help. Take a 4 cylinder with automatic out on the highway for an extended run. Use the cruise control and determine if you can live with the erratic up and down shifting! Perhaps the V6 is better.





I have owned a Camry for 13 years. Loved my last one '94. I hate this one. It shifts hard, has a lot of play in steering, has quite a few blind spots & the interior is cheap plastic which scratches very easy. My '94 had no play in the steering even with 173K miles on it. I have to keep both hands on the wheel with this one. Headrest very uncofortable when seat is upright. When you test drive make sure you pay attention to all this. I didn't because I thought I couldn't go wrong buying a Camry. Will be trying to sell & buy different car soon & I am a person who keeps my cars till they don't run anymore. I am so disappointed. Beware!





Great family car. My last 3 cars have been Toyotas and this one is every bit as good as the others and maybe more. The best car in this price range. It is a pleasure to drive and it has Toyota quality written all over it. If you are looking for a sedan in this price range don't buy until you try the 2007 Camry LE.





The added molding gives the SE a very clean and sharp look. The sunroof actually comes down and slides between the exterior and interior thus minmizing wind noise at speed. The leather interior is worth the money. The power seats have excellent "adjustments". The Bluetooth option works perfectly. The gas milage is pretty close for highway milage. In short, the car is nearly everything you can expect for the $29.4k version. However, the transmission is sloppy. It is something I have just come to my mind that I will have to deal with it. It shifts at unusual times on deceleration thus making your breaking non-constant (you can feel lurches). 





Nice gas mileage for a family car. extremely smooth acceleration and the six speed makes it quick.Very happy with the first 3000 miles.The 400 watt stereo ugrade is a must and blue tooth is nice.Almost a Lexus es350!





Dream car enjoy to drive perfect handling





Great performance, great gas mileage (even with the V6), superior quality - I always thought of a Camry as just a practical family sedan. It is all that and more. Its fun to drive and I love the luxury.





This car is fantastic. Very comfortable, quite and smooth ride. Adequate power and good MPG. I am really happy I decided on the Camry over the Accord and Sonata





I liked the car prior to buying but after three months I don't care for it any mor. Perhaps because I've driven a friends '07 Honda.





Ride is very smooth and quite. Great safety feature. I got 35 highway mileage with ac on and combined 28/29 mile per gallon with ac on. 





After getting the TSB EG056-06 done, this car just flies. No more hesitation issued and no shifting concerns. Luxurious interior, great MP3 player addition. I highly recommend Camry over other vehicles.





I already loved the camry but when they came out with the 07 model I just fell in love the styling, gas milage and everything else I just love





The 2007 Camry is a great car. It is not meant to be a sports car. It is a sporty sedan. I recommend that you consider getting it in the V6 model because of the cars weight. The 4 cylinder just is not enough power. I love the way my V6 drives. The handling is great. The fuel efficiency of the vehicle is great. I saved so much on gas. If you are looking for a fun sedan, I recommend that you buy it. 





The 07 Camry is over rated! It's automatic transmission is jerky and sometimes hesitant about changing gears. Engine is pretty quiet overall but doesn't feel any faster than older models. Trunk space is mediocre with intrusive hinges and reliabilty has fallen off from past versions. The front end styling needs improvement. The interior is fairly pleasant but suffers from too much hard plastic and some poor fits!





this car is awesome!! toyota is write that this car is more than just a car my friends and my family loves it, i always get attention with this car....





I purchased this camry, three weeks ago, acceleration is a major problem, just not like the older models of camry, was in a accident, hit on the front right side, right fender, car was considered total loss, not fixable, I would not purchase another camry disappointed is this 2007 camry, gas mileage is not as good as prior years, i had to purchase another vehicle, it was not a camry, made in ky, it was a solid 2007 toyota RAV4 made in japan. I was a dedicated toyota customer for years. what happen to the camry this year. shame, shame, shame





As a twenty year devout Toyota owner, I regret greatly that I bought this car. Acceleration is anything but smooth, especially when the engine is cold or the air conditioning is on, but it will unpredictably falter on you even with no air conditioning and a hot engine. This is the most frustrating nuisance and can occur just when you need that expected response most - creating a danger as well. Visits to the shop result in them telling me that it is functioning as desinged. "Get used to it" is the best they can tell me. Test drive before you buy. I am told that not all 2007 Camrys perform like mine.





I really like the new exterior styling of this car. It's a step in the same direction as the more aggressive look that Chrysler has taken, without being overbearing. The 4 cyl engine is surprisingly powerful compared to other 4 cyl's I've owned. The interior is very quiet at highway speeds. 





I bounced back and forth between a fully-loaded Accord, Infiniti G35, and this car. I have to say that I have been very pleased with this vehicle. It rides like a dream and you can barely tell its running when in idle. The sound system is incredible, the seats are comfortable, the controls are ergonomic and straight forward and the take off power is quite impressive. I've gotten a lot of positive feedback about the appearance, inside and out. This is a solid good looking car.





The ride is smooth, sweet, and in zone.





So far so good. This is my first camry and so far it's great. The cloth interior is great and the 4 cylinder has tons of power for such a small engine.





We drove alot of cars before we decided on the Camry. We test drove a Honda Accord,Ford Fusion,VW Jetta,Saturn and Mercury. We liked the looks of the 2007 Camry and knew that Toyota was a great selling car. You can't go wrong with a Camry LE.





Something has to be done about the acceleration,(looking to get rid of it) You can floor the gas pedal and it takes a while to kick in I've had people right up to my rear end in a matter of seconds because it takes too long to get up to high speeds on major highways





I have owned my Camry for only 2 months; however, I have not had a single problem with it. As everyone says, the ride is very smooth and quiet. The car is truly a pleasure to drive. All of my friends and family compliment the car. My passengers are expecially happy with it and love the room, comfort, and adjustability. On longer trips, however, they have a tendency to fall asleep--which I think emphasizes how comfortable, smooth, and quiet it is. The car is also well loaded with features--many of which are adjustable. The 4 cylinder Camry has sufficient hp and acceleration for reasonable merging and passing; however, a bit more would go a long way. 





We have about 2200 miles on our SE V6 and we really love this car. It is a very comfortable car that gives us options that we never had on previous vehicles. I highly recommend the V6...it is a very nice engine and so far we have enjoyed every aspect of our car. The rear seat leg room is quite large, moonroof is great, and the handling of the SE is much better than I ever expected from a Camry. My wife drives this car more than I, but I always want to go places when the car is available. We test drove other cars such as the 2005/2006 Accords, 2005/2006 Altimas, 2005 Jetta, and 2005 Camry and found the 2007 Camry to have everything we wanted. 





Toyota has just given American car manufacturers a leg up by putting out this inferior car. This car has a serious/dangerous hesitation problem. Unpredictable acceleration including hesitation when pressing on the gas while moving for up to 3 seconds. When making a left turn, feeding onto a highway or giving it gas while moving the car hesitates for up to 3 seconds before moving! It goes nowhere! When it finally gets moving the acceleration is sluggish. Have almost been reaer ended twice because of this defect. This is a lawsuit waiting to happen. SHAME ON TOYOTA!





This car drives great in any situation I've been in. Fuel economy is great and that is a huge plus. Very comfortable ride. Quality of assembly is outstanding. I love the new Camry.





i love this car because its easy for my 65 y/o uncle who had a stroke to get in and out of and all my friends like the looks and even the younger kids at work like it and say thats the kind of car they want my boss would buy one in the future and even my grandfather is considering buying one i love playing my ipod on it it sounds better then a cd 





This is my first Toyota after yrs of driving GM cars. Every time it rains, water collects inside the door and when you open it, rain falls on the seat. You have to carry paper towels to wipe it up or have a wet butt! Also, I'm glad to know I'm not crazy about the way it shifts; I thought it was just me!





I love this car. The key less entry is great for shopping. It drives really smoothe. This is my third Camry, I had a 96', 98', and now a 2007. Very roomy.





I never liked toyota before, but this car is great.





Having tested the Imapala, the Accord, the Charger and then the Camry, we opted for the latter. Sadly, we are overcome with SERIOUS buyer's remorse. MPG is not better than 24mpg w/the 4CYL, the transmission slips, the throttle by wire has been non- responsive on several occasions, the ergonomics are "off", and the dealership is very proud of their product, too proud. Ohhhh Toyota, what happened? We bought the car for the reliabilty, but the car has been in the shop six times now, in 8 weeks! 





This is our second Camery we had a 1995 liked it so much bought a 2007





In many ways this is a very fine car, quiet, good looking, rides and handles well and thus far has been absolutely trouble free. The air conditioning is good and the radio is excellent. It has one characteristic however that can be annoying.I live in level terrain and this camry has a tendency to shift on all overpasses and even slight upgrades when going against the wind. It does shift smoothly but I would now would have to look closely at competing brands before buying this car again. You can nurse this car over these overpasses if the cruise control is not on, but I love cruse control and cruise control can prevent a lot of speeding tickets.





I have owned the 07' Camry SE V6 since May, and I must say that it was worth having to do 4 months of research to buy this car.I test drove and compared similar 4 door sedans like the Maxima, Accord, Mazda6, and noticed that none had all the features,performance,comfort ,safety,and looks that the Camry has.Plus to get the great MPG for a 268HP engine is amazing! The ride is quiet-takes bumps smoothly.The acceleration is not the best, but once it gets going it GOES! Plenty of leg and headroom all around the car.Gauges are well placed and well lit at night.I would highly reccomend this car If your looking for a sporty, roomy, 4 door sedan with good gas mileage





I love my camry. I have owned it for 6 months and i have 16k miles on it. Best car I've ever owned.





I just love how quiet and confortable this ride is.





I,to,have had with hesitation,especially when starting out in the morning, or general slugishness. I began using 93 octane fuel about 3000 miles ago.The results were a VERY noticeable improvement. I am guessing that the computer chip that regulates ignition "advance', or some other function, was not a good match for the standard 87 octane fuel. My fuel economy has,the best that i can measure, increased enough to mostly compensate for the 20 cents higher price of the fuel. Even my wife comments on the improvement. The "07" Camry (with the 4 cyl engine) is a fine auto -- my dealer did all that he could to help, but with no "factory letter" on the problem, he was some what lost.





I love this car. i read all the reviews and went with ppl's comments. blue tooth is cool, dual climate control, heated seats. i love the second screen in the speedometer. aux jack for ipod and a control holder on the side. smooth, quiet ride compared to my old '95 corolla. great deal, but in high demand.





this car is amazing.. i fell in love with it before it became popular.. i had to order the se when i never even saw what it looked like in person since no dealership had the se in stock and they only make 10% of the se's.. i recommend this car to anyone.. the se is especially good for younger drivers, since it has ground effects, sunroof, and a nice sound system and nice color dials





this is our 2nd camry! the last one took us around for 250,000+ miles of family fun. probly would have lasted longer but we need to have a TOTALLY reliable car for work. our 1992 camry still looked good, ran great, and was a part of the family, i cried when we traded it in! our family grew from 2 to 5 in 3 years and that camry always accomidated us with enough space!!! thank god for that great big trunk! at one time i hauled aroun 2 strollers a portocrib and huge dipper bag~ still always having enough room for my shopping bags!!!!! the new camry is a dream to drive and i can not get over the engine!!! we live in a hilly area and never has it had a rough shift feel...simply amazing. 





I got this 32 MPG/Highway vehicle for $200 under invoice. I really can't complain about this vehicle. My car did, however, have a small rip in the rear leather armrest. Toyota took care of the rip, but you can still notice the patched up area if you look at it carefully. I definitely reccoment using Edumunds to buy your next vehicle. It will save you a lot of time and will get you a good deal.





Most people I talked to said they loved their Camry and would buy another one. As of right now I would not. My '07 Camry pulls to the left and I have taken it in twice and the dealership says it is fixed. Like others have said the cruise is not the best and sits at 5500 RPM's for an extended period of time and accelation is poor from stop signs most of the time. Also, the shifting in the transmission is herky jerky.





We looked at the '07 Impala and settled on the Camry SE. Gas mileage is terrific. Safety was #1 and mileage was #2. We love the ride with one exception.... the auto transmission is very poorly designed and Toyota hasn't decided what to do. When approaching a stop with little or no gas pedal pressure, the transmission downshifts normally until the car shifts gears and suddenly lurches ahead at a higher speed. This is very disturbing and perhaps even unsafe because now I have to apply much more of the brake to stop. It is a very surprising and unnatural experience. Will most likely be our last Toyota. 





After purchasing my 2007 Camry, which was a hassle because the salesman was pushy, I started having trouble with the transmission slipping! On top of that some interior trim pieces didn't match and one fell off! I'm shocked. Toyota has this "supposed" impecable quality. I can now say that it is all rumors spread around. I did not buy this car based on looks. It is pretty weird looking, the big front bulg is horrid. I bought it for reliable driving, and I have to say it has failed. I'm looking to trade it for another vehicle, and I heard that new Saturn Aura would be perfect, plus it looks are nice.





I've already put 8800+ miles on it and it's done well so far. Had a small problem with a tire sensor light coming on, took it into dealer, they tightened it and so far so good. Traded my Highlander for it for better mileage w/ gas prices so high. Drove it from WA. to AZ. and back and it handled like a charm, the seats were comfy as well (and I have a bad back). This is a great commuting car. I would say if you are thinking about it, go for it. I still own my 1997 CAMRY and it's also still going strong with no problems as well. Overall, a great car! 





The ride is excellent in this car. I was a bit leary about trading in my cadillac due to high milage but have decided this is the way to go. I want a car that is dependable and dosn't break down every 500 miles!





Comparing it to my 00 and 04 Camry, there is no comparison. If this was the first Camry that we bought it certainly would be the last. The transmission hesitates, also downshifts, hunting between gears, then lurches (safety issue). This is all very very annoying especially when the dealer tells you that this is "NORMAL" operation. I wish I had my 2004 4 cyl Camry back, I would have given it a 10 review. 





This is our first toyota. Everyone we have spoken with stated we made the best choice. Take a look at used car lots, why do you wonder? you see very few used toyota on used car lots. People buy them and run them for 300,000 and 400,000 happy miles.





WOW! Smooth and responsive interior is as luxurious as you can get without slapping an L on the grill. I only had to buy the CE model because it comes very well equipped. Since I've had it I've put 5100 miles on it and not even a hint of any problems! If any one is even considering buying a new car i highly recommend the camry over any other vehicle! It's roomy, stylish, affordable, and if estimates are true I'll get the best trade in value when i'm done!





we bought the 2007 Camry for the fuel economy. I was hoping to get 32 mpg but it runs around 25-29 mpg. Anyway the biggest drawback to the car is that you can not use the cruise control in any small hill. This car will rev up to 5500 in a second and it almost drives me crazy. Oh and the brights don't turn off anymore on mine. So much for toyota. 





I just picked up a 2007 Camry SE V6 and I have to say I am more than happy with it. I test drove the competition. I decided on the Camry because of the value and gas mileage. Overall, its probably the best car in its class and strives for the next class up. 





This is my second Camry and I certainly like the feel and look of it, however, there are some mechanical flaws with the tranny that have made me question the purchase. It rides quietly but is so vanilla that handling wise I find myself bored. Some may find that good, but the car cannot be pushed on ramps or tight turns. In the end it will be a great car for 16 year old daughter to drive. For me, I think I am going to need something else soon 





Comparing it to my '03 Camry, I have been frustrated by this car's lack of reasonable performance. The engine has a horribly long hesitation when trying to accelerate and the transmission downshifts with the slightest throttle pressure and on the most minor upgrades. I have averaged 25 mpg over 3800 miles, which is substantially less than the 30mpg I averaged with my '03. The dealer and factory have evaluated the car and agree with my concerns, but say there is no solution at this time. Buyers of 4-cyl 5AT - do extensive test drives on at least two different Camrys and compare to several competitors. 





I test drove both the 4cyl and V6. Both were really smooth. I went with the 4 cyl due to less cost and better mpg. I previously had the 2003 Camry SE. The 07 has better handling. It doesn't lean when turning like the prior model. So far the quality appears to be strong, as expected. I'm a sales manager on the road 25K+ miles per year, so reliability is important. The car does get a lot of looks from fellow drivers. I'd like to think they were looking at me, but regrettably it's just the car. 





This will be the second 2007 SE Camry that I?ve had since buying the vehicle in early July 2006. The first one was returned to the dealer, on the day of delivery, because of excessive rattling noises coming from the interior, especially the back right side of the car. After an additional two week wait for a replacement, our second Camry is no better. We?re still dealing with unwanted creaks and rattles. My wife and I are utterly disappointed in this vehicle. The only positive to come from this ugly process is the pleasure that I derive from knowing that I will never be foolish enough to buy another Toyota. Seriously, re-consider your purchase. 





I am extremely happy with the new camry, I forget I am driving a family sedan. The ride is refined, steering is tight, plenty of interior space, the exterior design is refreshing to look at. The only negative is the shifting of the transmission from 40+ mph to 10-15 mph when turning or slowing for traffic, acceleration takes a second or two to kick in after "stepping on the gas". The cruise control flutters and jolts on highway inclines and declines.





I had an '05 grand prix previously. You can't compare its ride, fuel economy and elegant, but sporty design to any other vehicle within it's price raange. My whole family own's toyotas and they say one you buy one you'll never own any thing else. Now I now why!





I bought the SE V6 4 months ago, and I have to say this is the best car you can buy out there for under 30k! It's fast, rides great, roomy, and looks awesome! Everywhere I go It turns heads. People say it looks like a cross between a Lexus front, and a BMW rear end. You can't go wrong with this car! 





WOW! I bought an '07 Camry XLE loaded with Navigation, quick start button & have nothing but compliements. Heads turn everywhere you go, people are always commenting how nice the car is etc. It has excellent acceleration. The navigation works flawlessly, comfortable seats. Would definitely recommend this model to anyone.





Did Toyota rush this car or what? Toyota seems to have fallen from its traditional solid built platform to a car that, welI, now regret I bought. New squeaks in dash are developing weekly. The transmission is the nightmare many have already talked about. Step on the gas and sometimes the power just isn't there immediately. Going up an incline the car down shifts to 5500 RPM way-over powering the car. Perhaps the most annoying thing to me, the transmission kicks up and down on shallow declines - never had this in any automatic before. If you care about a smooth transmission run don't walk away from the 4cyl automatic 2007 camry. 





LE 2007, 4cy, minor transmission hesitations as I see many other are experencing. Biggest disapointment is gas mileage. 3000 miles on car and just checked MPG, 23.4 MPG and I do 60% highway. City is rated at 24 MPG. 





I purchased this vehicle in july of 2006, i only had it for a bout a month when a drunk driver hit me on the side. When i purchased the car i was told all about the side curtain air bags and about the air bags for the drivers knees. and wouldnt you know i get hit on the side and NOT a single air bag deployed. I look on the internet and find that there was a recall in april about the air bags and i was not told of this when i purchased the car. Look for recalls before buying. Im just glad me and my husband are still alive. can furnish pictures of damages upon request so you can see how toyota stands up 





Very impressed. after owning two accords, I finally made the switch, and this car is excellent so far. I'm in love with it. The only disappointment I had was leather was not standard, and it was the only XLE on the lot in my whole metro area so I'm just getting after market leather.





So far so good. I've owned the Camry for only 2 weeks and both my wife and I love it. This purchase completes the 4th Toyota we now own in the family. We love the Camry and all of it's appointments and it drives as nice as they say. I researched this car to death and found for the money, it by far was the correct choice. All in all I'd buy again in an minute.





The car now has 4800 miles and has been very reliable. I notice when the gas motor starts when running electric mode, more than I thought I would but not very noticable. I actually get better highway mileage than sticker show. My best is 46 but can almost always get at least 42. City driving is 39.5 almost always. GPS is accurate but not as easy to use as previous models. This is 3rd car with GPS. Ride is very good and handling nimble enough.





After app. 500 miles this car began to hesitate on acceleration at stoplights on left turns from stops and in normal driving. This is not a slight lag on acceleration but a total lack of power. The gas pedal can be to the floor for at least a count of 5 seconds before the car starts any acceleration, when it slowly reaches 40 mph acceleration is fine. This does not happen all the time. Transmission does not know sometimes what it is doing when it?s shifting up or down. One dealer says there is nothing wrong with this car. Another dealership admits to this problem but says there no cure yet. I have reported to the NHTSA that this car is unsafe for the road. We now have 5000+ miles on it.





My wife and I love our 07 V6 Camry SE w/navigation. We test drove the competition and this Camry out performs them in nearly all categories. As soon as we came back from our test drive, my wife said she loved it and she didn't want to test drive anymore cars. This car performs beautifully on the highway. The car accelerates very quickly without flooring it. Floor it and you'll be happily surprised... the car wants more! With Toyota's high reliability standard I know this car will stay in our family for many years. If you can find an SE w/nav, you had better buy it that day. The body kit on the SE definitely enhances the appeal of this car. 





Just got back from Maine. I have to say the car rode great,comfortable and gas mileage great. Very roomy with four adults. The new design turns heads wherever we go. The only draw back is using the cruise control, kicks out of overdrive on very slight hills.





Very quiet and smooth ride. Have received quite a few comments on the style and color (blue ribbon metalic). Fuel economy better than rated. 





 I picked up my XLE 4 cyl, 2 /12 weeks ago and have to say its perfect. I am coming out of an Acura 3.2TL. I would have loved the V6, but with the cost of fuel it would have been a BIG mistake. This car is as quiet and soft as the Acura if not more quiet and soft riding. I believe this is the best mid sized 4cyl vehicle thats being offered at this time. My mileage is 1/2 road and 1/2 city and I am averaging between 26-28 mpgs. I believe after it has some miles on it, the mileage will improve.I would recommend this car to anyone looking for a comfortable ride as well as good fuel economy. You get the best of both worlds.





Bam, bam, Toyota kicked it up a notch. Love the car with only 2 areas that we noticed. Torque steer under full throttle with down shift and the seats were a little hard but seem to breaking in. It has not dropped below 28 mpg with some heavy footed driving.





I have almost 2,500 miles on this car now and thank goodness it doesn't have the tranny problem. Shifting is very smooth at all speeds. I love the new design especially the headlights, the rounded back (old Camrys are so straight) and bumpers. I'm getting 28 mpg average in 75% highway (carpool) and I drive fast mostly. I love the power available when going uphill. The handling is great, too. I like the gradual slowdown when you take your foot off the gas.





We have had this XLE 3 weeks and put 2000 miles on her with no problems. Driving to MN from MT with 4 people, the trunk full and AC on we got 30 MPG. Every time I heard a rattle I was something I had in the glove box never something loose as in other cars. We looked at Passats and Avalons, but ended up with a Lexus in disguise.





Surprisingly agile for a 4 cyl, auto transmission requires manual downshift for quick instant power. Should be ok for normal driving. Loaded with safety features (tire pressure indicator is cool). Very roomy in comparison with other midsizes, outstanding leg room for back passengers and trunk. Very smooth, quiet ride for the most part, a little bit of engine noise at high RPM but not annoying in the least. New design is very upscale looking, more appealing to the younger crowd (24). Road grip is good, brakes are great. Suspension even on base model is great on bumpy roads. AC very cold, all controls easy to identify and use. High quality inside/outside finish





I am the envy of all my friends because of my silver SE V6. After owning the SE for 3 weeks now, I've already put 4,200 miles on it, and it hasn't let me down. The transmission is flawed, it takes a few seconds for it to speed up, but once it goes it goes fast, I love the shift gate, great for easy passing! I turn heads everywhere. I'm glad I got the SE because they look so much better than the other models and they don't seem to be as popular. (I don't want too many people to have my car!!) Get the door sill enhancers easy to put on yourself and makes a drastic difference to your car! 





I like the new body design mostly. Only traded my 2002 Camry because of new body style. I never really test-drove the 07 much before purchase. Though I would probably still get a 2007, I am somewhat disappointed in Toyota on this one. Gas mileage is lower than my '02. Auto-tranny is not smooth in shifting. Initial acceleration performance is lacking; has hesitation while shifting through about 35 mph. Due to lack-of-power or transmission problem, car down-shifts (revs to 3000+ rpm ) with cruise control going up very slight incline (i.e. frwy overpass); then annoying up-shift jolt well after cresting incline.





Since purchasing this vehicle, we have driven nearly 3000 miles. The mileage has been both street and interstate, averaging 24 miles per gallon. The seats were very comfortable on a four and a half hour (one way) trip, and wind and road noise were minimal. The ergonomics are very good. The quality of the leather seats appears to be very good. My only complaint with the interior is the color of the fake wood: the yellowish plastic makes for a cheap effect. Unlike Consumer Reports Magazine, I found it easy to reduce glare from the middle stack by reducing the intensity at night. This is our first Toyota and I would recommend it to prospective drivers. 





Clean, smooth and roomy. A bit loud in the car but adequate.





This car looks good, rides good, corners well, and has a wide turning radius. It has Inki wheels, a spoiler, power windows, bose speakers, cruise, tented windows, cold, cold air, lumbar control, no leather, and no problems. I use about 40.00 in gas every two weeks. At this time July 2007, gas is 2.89 (city). My children and grandchildren call it a "fine ride." It serves me well. Did I mention no problems. It is however a bit sluggish when floored. Wider than expected. Took some getting used to. You don't have to be young to drive this young design.





I reviewed this vehicle shortly after I bought it and gave high marks across the board, especially to the engine. I still like the car overall, but have a major complaint towards Toyota. After 3 months of driving, paint has chipped from the "running board" part of the passenger side doorframe at the edge between the vertical outside of the car and the horizontal ledge of the frame. The only logical prospective physical cause from my activity has been my shoes rubbing getting in and out. Toyota denied warranty coverage over this item, essentially suggesting I must have done something else. My shoes have been the same for 20 years with no prior problems of this type on any other car.





I bought first one in april '07, wrecked it so bad, I had to crawl out through the trunk, but I did make it with minor scratch on my forehead only. Next day I went and picked another one. I am field service rep. and I spend 2/3 of my work day in the car. It meets all my needs and much more.





This is the first foreign auto I own. Now I can see what I have been missing. Quiet smooth ride, all controls on the steering wheel. For a 4 cylinder engine what get-up and go,not to mention the great gas mileage. Duel air, Bluetooth, satellite radio and rear reclining seats set off this car.





This is my 4th Camry, and I'm sorry I bought it. The car is very sluggish and slow to respond. There is also a lot of wind noise. It's already been back at the dealer (for 2 days) to get rid of a rattle in the back.They fixed that problem, but now I'm taking it in again because the AC is messed up (no air coming from lower vents on the driver's side), the wind noise and the poor acceleration. I traded in a 1994 Camry with 158,000 that had better AC and more acceleration.





This is my 5th Camry. So far it's been wonderful to drive! I took it on a 230 mile round trip and recorded 33.9 mpg. This was with A/C all the way. The interior is much more comfortable than my last 3 Camrys and the exterior styling is oh so chic. For the basic LE model, I think you get a lot of bang for the buck.





Excellent handling. Got 32 mpg ave on a trip out west including going up beartooth pass in yellowstone. Put on 2225 miles on this trip. My 4 cyl was very quiet and ran very well. Averaged about 70 mph on the interstates. So I'm very happy with my xle camry.





I knew Camrys were good, reliable cars, but until now, I thought they were boring with horrible styling. No more. Suspension, braking and handling feels excellent when I drive in the city or highway. It surprised me how good it behaves because we also owned a BMW 525i, and we were ready to use it as a baseline for comparison. Transmission is smooth and the 2.4L engine is quiet. It has more than enough power to drive around, unless you are into rapid takeoffs. The V6 I test drove was smooth, but I am willing to trade some power for the price difference. BMW 550 is still my favorite car, but hands down, I think we got the best value for our money here. Toyota uses lots of plastics, but it makes it look good.





It is a very well designed auto and runs and handles very well, mileage not quite as good as 2004, but only have 2100 miles on it. Lots of room in it and outstanding quite from motor and engine and outside noise. Very good.





We just purchased this car a week ago. I'm so in love with it that I'm up early in the mornings, thinking about errands that I need to run. It rides smooth and has enough of pick-up to get out of the way of fast moving traffic. I'm thinking about racing my son who owns a GSXR 600 motorcycle, but he's only 19 so I think I will pass. I'm a mother of 3 in love with my RED Camry. Just wish I could program it to say my name when you turn on the engine.Wouldn't that be icing on the cake!





Camry SE is different from other trims. IMHO, the exterior and performance are way better than other trims, though you can't compare interior of SE with XLE. I believe that's the reason why Toyota uses SE trim on TV/Web commercial.





We researched and test drove many cars trying to decide what to buy. The 2007 Camry stood out and we are Chevy people.The XLE has more features for the money than any car we looked at. The new styling is awesome. Gas mileage for us will be what it is rated, maybe a little better on highway on the flat open roads of West Texas if you don't put your foot in it all the time. The V6 can really move you down the road. Can blow by big trucks for passing with plenty of power to spare. I'm 6'1" and have plenty of room. Interior is extremely quiet on the hiway. We are extremly happy to date with our 2007 XLE Camry!





My '99 Camry was by far the best, most reliable car I have ever owned. I wanted to trade for a new Camry a year ago but then heard of the redesign for 2007 and decided to wait. I'm glad that I did because this is the benchmark for all mid-sized sedans. A number of items that were part of option packages on my '99 are now standard equipment and you cannot beat the value of this vehicle.





We bought a 2005 Corolla and inspired by its performance went for a 2006 Camry. The vehicle was involved in a serious accident but amazingly the driver walked out practically unscathed. No doubt we went for a 2007 Camry after extensively researching all aspects of the vehicle and its pricing. After driving it for a month we can say this is the best vehicle in its category for the price. Perhaps the best deal is all those fancy features which came as an option before have been made standard in the 2007 model including the all season tires. Another incredible thing is that we paid much less for the 2007 Camry than we did for the identical 2006 model. No wonder we love the car.





Traded a 2003 V6 XLE for a 2007 V6 XLE. Couldn't believe that Toyota could make a better product, but they did! 





Mechanically, this car is fine. A great highway car. Comfortable and quiet with excellent gas mileage. But the paint chipping problem on the front end and hood should put Toyota to SHAME! This is 2008! Why are we skimping on the paint? Looks like a single layer was put on! A familiar and intolerable problem of all owners of this vehicle! Do the right thing Toyota and fix it! You should be embarrassed by this!





Ok, this is the first time I have owned a Camry and I gotta tell ya it is very nice. I did have a problem with the transmission but took it in and they reprogrammed the 2 computer chips in there and WOW what a difference that made. I can't even feel my car shift anymore. I bought it with 30k on it. I do not see where there is wear on the tires like others have stated on here. I did get the "diamond gloss" put on the paint from the dealer and wow that is a great thing to have. It does protect you paint and the uvb rays and you don't have to wax your car for 5-6 yrs. It is well worth it. Bugs come right off too and ti will also protect I the salt when it snows. Best thing I ever did!





Bought this car used. Love the looks, power, roomy interior, good mileage at 32 hwy and 25 city.





My third Camry and by far the worst, the paint is of poor quality. I wax regularly and still get pits in paint from "bugs". Paint and clear coat are poor. Poor transmission. Tire wear is a problem. Had to replace tires at 20,000 miles. Lots of road noise. Tried 3 sets of tires. Wish I had my 2002 Camry back. The muffler sounds like a motorcycle





This is the first foreign car I have had, and I couldn't be more impressed without a hybrid engine. Once you learn the responsiveness of the gas pedal, you can get either the performance or mileage you want out of a 2.4L 4-cylinder. I get a consistent 22mpg in suburb driving and have hit 26+ on nothing but freeway at speeds of 70-75ish. The steering and controls are awesome. The sound system looks great and sounds great, plus it has a hidden power and audio in jack for iPods or satellite radio. The folding back seats allow extra room when needed (help a friend move). The climate controls are very simple yet adjustable. I like them more than my mom's Avalon. Overall, an awesome car.





Over 40,000 miles without a single repair. The V6 with 260+ HP really moves. A wolf in sheep's clothing.





My 3rd Toyota. '84 Celica, '89 Celica. Car has been excellent in terms of reliability. Some quality issues with fit and finish. Dash has squeaked annoyingly almost from day 1. Had problems with upgraded JBL radio. Replaced with Pioneer. V6 is great. Wish the rear seats in the SE went down. Very happy with car after 52,000 miles.





Have 22,000 miles on car. Power is great, transmission shifts are smooth and accurate. Gas mileage is 28 mpg on combined and 32 when we were on trip of 100 miles. Had some rattles on dash speaker covers which dealer fixed completely. Tires look almost new at 22,000 miles. Very comfortable car. I am 55 and have owned about 25 new cars. This is one of the nicest and trouble free vehicles I have owned. I highly recommend this vehicle. 





I bought this car with such an excitement in 2006, but since then it has been giving me troubles and nothing else. The whole tranny defaulted within 1st month. I had to call up customer service and dealership, only god knows how many times to get the problem resolved. Instead of giving me a new car they finally admitted the problems with transmission and replaced it with a new one, free of cost to me ($6500) cost to them. After two years, last month the tires worn out at 20000 miles. Bridgestone Potenza (worst tires). My driving habits are just as normal as others and I am not driving this car on a raceway, how can possibly they go bad?





The structural integrity is good, as the car was rear ended hard, which I then learned about the whiplash protection system in the car. Interior still has too much hard plastic, especially the steering wheel, which has a raised crease hitting on the fingers as a constant reminder. Comfort is great, mileage is good overall, better on the road than expected (35 avg mpg at 70 mph) but less than expected around town (23 mpg avg), compared to my 1999 Camry. Spend the extra for upgraded stereo system as the base unit and speakers are very poor and tinny sounding. Downshifting on grades is annoying, but overall car is good with decent mileage, and good value for the money.





The transmission and cruise control is a joke. The transmission hesitates and stumbles. Often there is a delay in acceleration when the gas pedal is pressed. The cruise control will downshift on the slightest of inclines. The CC will downshift to 4th gear (3000 rpm) and often to 3rd gear (4800 rpm) rather abruptly. Without the CC the Camry will take the grades without shifting. Driving the Camry in traffic is a less than pleasant experience.





After about 3000 miles on my 2007 Camry XLE V6/6sp Auto, it's been in the shop 4 times already and the last call from the dealer was to replace the transmission. I have rattles on both B pillars and the build quality is rather poor, with unsightly gaps in the passenger side dash where it does not fit together properly. The steering is light and floaty without any on-center feel making for a numb driving experience. Lots of road noise on worn road surfaces. The 2007 Camry does not measure up. 





Having flown 26 different aircraft and driven cars for 61 years, I find the 2007 Camry to be the most uncomfortable cockpit I have every been in. Even with tilt and telescopic steering and an 8 way seat, I find my shoulder touching the side and my right knee being pinioned by the shift console. The headrest presses into my head at an uncomfortable angle and it is imposssible to tell where the front of the car is for parking. The window sill is too high and the armrest too low to be comfortable. I am 6' 2" and 270#. Please do yourself a favor and test drive for a reasonable time before you are stampeded into a purchase. I traded a 2002 Prius which was a swell little car





This car is better than I could have ever dreamed. It has nice luxury interior (the wood grain is lovely), but it also has nice pick up speed and is very roomy. I'm loving the reclining backseats (even though I don't sit in the back). The bluetooth is a very good and smart feature. The car handles great and is really easy to control. The keyless entry and push start is marvelous. Overall for the money this is the best car you can get for the price. The new body style is an added plus also. Don't forget to get the glass sensor added to your vehicle.





This is the first Toyota I have ever owned and based on its performance so far, I would buy another one. The new looks are what attracted it to me initially, but its relatively smooth drive, comfort and reliability sold me on it. I added leather seats (softer than the cloth seats!), wheels and Homelink mirror to upgrade w/o having to pay for the price bump in the higher models. Took it on a road trip up the coast and it got the posted MPG of 33 w/ the A/C going the entire way. Overall, this is a great car that I plan on driving for a long time!





I've had my Camry SE for less than 2 weeks, but I love it. It is a beautiful sapphire blue, has really nice lines, is very comfortable, is plenty peppy, and hugs the road. My husband and I took a road trip down Skyline Drive and he was impressed with how well it handled. I'm short and he's tall, but the seats are perfectly adjustable. I'm glad I insisted on the Vehicle Stability Control because safety is very important to me. I had to wait several weeks to get one with VSC. I didn't need the $1,000 JBL sound system with the 6 cd player, but it was hard to get one without it.





I was on the fence about getting "another Camry," even in my heart I knew that it was a great car and a great value. After test driving the 2007 XLE, my mind was made up. No need to get fancy with Acura or Lexus, or settle for a c-class Benz. This car looks great and has everything you would want in a car. I know this because I'm in mine about 4 hours a day at a minimum. I bought the extended warranty for the first time with my a Camry, only because I was alarmed at all the electronics in this car. I hope they all hold up to the Camry standard. 





I did a lot of research prior to actually going to a dealership. It came down to a Camry or an Accord. With the new design of the Camry and the awesome power of the v-6 it wasn't even close! I have now driven 1140 miles and am averaging about 30mpg. A trip to Nashville over some very hilly terrain avg. 34mpg. This car has great power, ride and handling for a family sedan. I did opt for the upgrade stereo with bluetooth tech. and sunroof. I love being able to pass slower traffic with such ease. I haven't driven a car with this much power since the muscle cars of yesteryear and could probably take most of them! Mileage and power! Check it out and be surprised when you remember this is a Camry!





This is my first mid size sedan and all I can say is wow. This car has some serious power, the manual shift mode is great when you need instant power. On the interstate I was cruising at 90mph and barely knew it. The ride is very comfortable, although I'm 6'6" and I didn't think head room was an issue but I do think leg room could be better, I think this is mainly because the back seats have tons of leg room. (Most people are not 6'6" so for most this shouldn't be an issue.) I like the wood grain accents with the tan colored interior (white exterior) but I don't think is looks as good with the gray interior. Most of my friends can't tell this is a toyota, the exterior styling is second to 





I expected better from Toyota; my new 2007 XLE is very good in some respects, not so good in others: transmission hunts for gears, ride quality much worse than even a mediocre car, Auto sound level doesn't work, accessory outlets do not work unless car is running or acc is on (no more charging your cell phone while you're shopping), radio shuts off when engine is shut off. Also, excessive rattles and buzzes, rear suspension a joke. Excessive torque steer when floored could be a problem for an inexperienced driver. The 2000 Bonneville I traded was not as refined or quiet, but rode better and got nearly the same mileage. 





I traded in a 2000 Solara for the 2007 Camry. I didn't think I could love a car anymore than the Solara but I have to say I love my new Camry. It is so comfortable and drives perfect. I can't think of one negative thing about it.





Traded my '05 300c Hemi for an '05 avalon for better MPG. Saw the new '07 Camry and it was much sexier than the Avalon. Same engine but that awesome 6 speed. Much better calibrated than the five speed in the Avalon and handles much better. Doesn't look frumpy either and I get lots of compliments. Tough going from a Hemi to a 6 speed V- 6, but it still has plenty of zip just not as much torque. Feels very nice inside as well. Reliable and predicted to get great mileage. I get about 22 around town and 31 on rural roads. Drops to 28 when I hit 80 MPH and the air is on, still very acceptable. I would recommend this car to anyone in the $30K< bracket for sure.





This is my first Camry. Overall this car is very quiet, comfortable, smooth, powerful, and absolutly the best mid-size in the current market. Great new exterior style design. Excellent interior build quality. Leather seats are comfortable, Nav system is easy to use. The new interior design is ok to me, the blue-backgound center console is a little bit awkward, too bright at night. Ash leather interior with light yellow fake wood trim is just ok design. I only have a vibration/shimmy problem at 70 mph, visited dealer three times and ended up with changing a new tire and now the ride is even quieter and comfortable. 





I absolutely love this car! I started out shopping for an Avalon but after I saw the Camry at an auto show, I was pretty much hooked. This is a baby Lexus with a Toyota price. Very smooth and quiet; great acceleration for a "family" car; plenty of bells and whistles, very roomy, and just plain good looking! The car has a very classy look and feel to it. If it is as reliable as past Camrys have been, it will continue to be the best selling car in America.





Great car! Traded in my 2001 Maxima. Loved that car, but I have NO regrets. This car is quieter than the Max. It rides almost as smooth. This is expected with the stiffer SE suspension. Performance nuts should have fun here. Not an Indy car but plenty of power. Leather seats were comfortable. My biggest pet peeve with all new cars is head room. There just isn't enough in today's cars. Not the case here. Lot's of headroom (unless you get the sunroof). Leather interior very comfortable. Ask the dealer to throw in the all weather floormats. They look nicer than the carpeted ones. All in all, a great car!





The 2007 Camry is a well built car. It handles nicely, and offers a cofortable ride, and great features. I have had this Camry LE for only a month, but I have no regrets. My conclusion after doing a ton of research regarding safety, reliability, comfort and gas mileage: the Hyundai Sonata is thousands of dollars cheaper and matches the Camry in all respects except comfort. Bottom line was that I was going to be in that driver's seat for years to come and I was not going to skimp on the critical comfort factor. 





First Camry I've owned. Was sold by the reputation for quality, reliability, and the 2007 redesign. Seem to handle quite well and is quiet for a 4 cylinder. The transmission is not the smoothest. Some downshifts are abrupt and the clunk reminds me of the sound of a Harley shift. Otherwise, it seems to ride and handle well. Brakes are excellent and fuel economy is great for a car this size. Has a slight rattle from the driver side door.





Just traded in my 2004 Honda Accord for the newly redesigned Camry. I've owned both Accord's & Camry's in the past and this is by far my favorite. Weighing in about 200 lbs heavier than the Accord the ride is smoother and quieter and has nice solid feeling doors. Fuel economy so far seems better than the Accord. Style looks much like a Lexus. Suprisely too is that my insurance rate went down with the Camry due to the standard equipped front, side, curtain & knee airbags!





Purchased LE V6 with only floor/trunk mat accessory.This is a lot of car for the money. Fit and finish are superb, both inside and out. Vehicle ride is extremely smooth, compliant and quiet - very close to Lexus quality (I own a Lexus) for thousands of dollars less. Plenty of leg, seat and headroom. Fold down rear seats with trunk pass through is useful feature. 268 HP V6 with 6 speed auto transmission is very responsive and smooth. Power is unobtrusively transferred such that one could be cruising on 80 (or above) and not even realize it. Probably unmatched value for the money. I like the new bodystyle. That's personal however.Will get back after we have put a few thousand miles on it.





I am very disappointed about this new car. The driving is not smooth. The car stumbles and hesitates when trying to accelerate. The accelerate pedal is stiff, and sometimes there is no speed change after it was pressed down. The motor noise is another problem which really bother me when driving. I would rather have my old 1997 Camry LE back, which was much better in handling and accelaeation and much quiet. The new 2007 Camry should have the higher quality than 1997 Carmry, but not in my case.





I have driven Camrys for 20+ years. My '07 Camry LE V6 is clearly superior to any prior Camry. While the '03 was roomy and comfortable, the steering and handling were very vague. The '07 tightens the ride and improves the steering noticably. The interior is upgraded markedly, and although there is a bit less headroom, the added telescoping feature of the steering wheel combined with the greater travel of the seat (which is even more comfortable than the '03's) yields greater comfort. The engine is smooth, quiet and powerful. The transmission is seamless and, with six forward gears, the engine is virtually never strained in ordinary driving. I like the exterior styling (see in darker colors). 





Very soft to be driven. I think it is one of the best cars I have owned. I would recommend this vehicle to anybody who wants a sedan.





Instantly loved the new exterior design. After having 2 LE-V6 Toyotas, decided to go with the 4i, not sure it was a wise choice. Certainly lacks the spark of the V6. Find the few second delay when you accelerate disappointing. Trade off for me was the XLE vs. the LE with add ons. My overall mileage has been 23-24. I was somewhat put off because the car did not have body side molding (Even though I prefer the look without it). It seems to me that the ability to get JUST the add on(s) you want without paying through the nose for very questionable warranty type extras has decreased significantly. Also, it is difficult to get the details on those so called warranty items before the sale.





This new car drives me crazy. Acceleration is slow and hesitate, and sometimes there is no-response. Transmission is not smooth. The engine noise is loud. I regret that I purchased this car. 





We've only had this car for a week . My wife absolutely loves it .By far a well improved car. The ride is wonderful and it handles great . If your looking for acceleration consider the v-6 . We have the 4 cylinder and it's does good but it's no speed demon .





Nice car...except for the auto tranny. It seems to hesitate around 2K RPMs, and the acceleration sort of stumbles. Very annoying in slow stop and go traffic in the beautiful New Jersey. I would consider a manual or move up to the v76 engine auto tranny combination





This car seemed so nice at first, that is until all the nagging details started surfacing. It rides fairly quiet and has good legroom but the trunk is smaller than some competitors. The 4 cylinder is adequate but many other competitors have a good deal more hp and are quieter. Suggest making the exterior look cleaner and less Mazda like. Also bring back the deleted door protection moldings and make the visors extend like on many other cars made today.





This is an inexpensive, underpriced, maniac of a car. It goes from fuel-efficient, soccer-mom car by day to rowdy, performance-based six-speed-sport-shifting madness by night. 





I just recently purchased a Blue ribbon Metallic 2007 Camry SE V6 and it has been nothing but PURE EXHILARATION. The car has a top notch acceleration, sleek sporty look "A Real Head Turner!", a luxurious comfort feature, and a fuel consumption that is best in the class. I have researched thoroughly and found that the car just simply outshines against all of its competitors. Now all of my friends envy me for having a 4 door sedan that looks and acts like a SPORT MACHINE. They all say "Is that a camry?" and I say "YES IT'S A CAMRY!" 





I own a Toyota truck for 19 years with virtually no problems. I have owned my new Camry for about a month and have had numerous problems. 1) Vibration in the steel wheel above 70 MPH. 2) Clicking noise from the rear suspension . 3) Center console squeaks. 4) Dashboard squeaks. 5) Passenger seat back rattles and vibrates excessively 6) Air conditioning vents poorly match the surrounding dashboard. 7) Driver side door had a scratch at delivery. 8) Transmission hunts for gears 9)Driver side head liner molding buzzes. 10) Steering wheel is not centered when driving straight. 11)Transmission unexpectly deaccelates during a slow down (as if it dropping into a lower gear).





Great looking roomy car that rides and handles well. Good acceleration but some torque steer on hard acceleration. Nice looking interior but seats are very hard and are not comfortable for long trips. Only problem has been a rattle from sunroof so far.





I traded-in my 2002 Camry LE for this baby. I miss my 02 but the 07 is worlds better. There are so many interior improvements and well as engineering improvements. I am in-love with my moonroof, 440 watt 6-disc stereo system, and the interior gauges that illuminates in blue is probably my favorite. The automatic headlights are extremely convenient and the bluetooth speakerphone system has been the blessing of all blessings. The calls are loud and clear and no one can even tell that I am talking on a true "car phone". Great pick and the car IMO is worth that thousands extra over the Hyundai Sonata.





Purchased 2 weeks ago. Orderded in early March and took about 6 weeks. Nice fast and stable. My 17 year old wanted a Civic Si but since I was buying, I chose the SE V6 and he is just as happy. 





I love this car. It is far superior to the Accord I traded in. The quiet ride and handling of the car are just two of the many pluses. 





This is my second Camry and I like it, especially the art decoish design and simplicity of interior controls. The cabin is more spacious and offers more leg room which is a big plus. Very responsive handling, and on the highway the ride is smooth. Reasonable fuel economy. However I have noticed, like others, that the new transmission is not that smooth, especially when accelerating from a stop. It can occasionally accelerate quickly and jerk you ahead, or hesitate, and sometimes I've noticed the car slow down unnaturally via the transmission. The motor can be loud when rpms are high. The door handles are awkwardly placed, mainly because they don't allow you to rest your arm on the arm rest.





So you thought Toyota couldn't make a sporty Camry, right? Absolutely wrong! I just purchased a 2007 Camry SE and believe me it is sporty. My Barcelona red metallic exterior and dark charcoal interior are a perfect combination. The ground effects, rear spoiler, sport suspension, moon roof, and blacked out grill only add to the excitement. It is very roomy inside with Bluetooth, Sirius JBL radio with 8 speakers, nice trim, and a well appointed dash cluster. The ride is very quiet, sometimes I?m not sure the engine is even on. I'm not sure how Toyota did it, but they have just made America?s #1 selling car into a newly revised monster that is even better. My hat off to the Toyota team!





I just feel the car is quality throughout. The car has a solid feel from closing doors to handling on road. Probably the best 4 cylinder motor on the market with excelent mileage and performance. Top notch rating on interior comfort.





With gas at over $3.00 a gallon, this car is right for the times. It has more room than the competition and it performs very well. The 5 speed transmission shifts like one would with a manual. It loafs along at 80 mph.





I just bought my 2007 Camry SE and I really love it. I was an Accord lover for 12 years but since I bought my first Camry last year I was hooked. I sold my 2005 Camry to make way for the new and re-styled 2007 and I'm impressed. Even though I end up with the 4 cylinder it is a fun car to drive. It looks like a lexus in the outside. I love this car!





After test-driving just about every car on the market, I decided to purchase this 4 cylinder beauty. Visually, I was instantly attracted to it. Mechanically, I was a little worried because I travel quite often through mountainous areas and would've generally preferred a V6. I took that back after I took my first trip. It was surprisingly pleasant and I had absolutely no problems picking up speed or getting up those huge mountains. The car is VERY comfortable and the air conditioning is perfect for the heat here in Arizona. All together, this car I believe was the best buy.





Myself a Honda fan but going from Accord to an all new '07 Camry was a great experience! Fun and powerful 3.5L 6cyl. great handling. Proud to be called a Toyota owner!





Powerfull, quiet, good gas mileage, excellent workmanship, good audio system. Can even change CD's from the steering wheel controls by holding the track up or track down button for 1 second. NAV display is excellent.





This has got to be the best Camry ever built! I come from of family of Toyota owners that hae been buying them since they began selling them in the United States. The 270 HP engine that Toyota has put into this car will simply take your breath away zero to 60 in 6.5 seconds is being conservative on Toyota's part trust me! Kudos to the engineers and designers at Toyota on this one, this car rocks.





This new Camry is a hit by it's looks alone. I chose the Barcelona Red and I can't tell you how many times I have been stopped and questioned about this car. It looks far more expensive than it is. The ride and handling is exceptional! I got a feeling this will be the 2007 "Car of the Year." Remember, I said it first.





This is our second Camry and they keep getting better. It is stylish with a more sporty look for 2007. It drives and handles like a car priced thousands more. It is roomy with a very quiet, solid ride and the 4 cylinder provides plenty of power. We were sold on it at first glance and with a test drive our decision was made. The 07 Camry is a high quality car at a very affordable price.





Just picked up my 3rd Toyota and I am very pleased. Test drove the Accord and Acura TL, and was sold on the great styling and track record of the Camry. The reliability of Toyota weighed heavily also. I had 85K miles on my '02 Sequoia and currently have over 143K on my '03 Corolla...all trouble free. I am so glad the VSC feature was made available in all models. The VSC in my Sequoia worked so well during the Michigan winters that I had to have it in my Camry LE. This is the most awesome feature to me, and I didn't have to break the bank to get it. The cabin is outfit nicely and is quiet even at highway speeds. Lots of back seat room for the kids, too. Solid.





I traded in a 2005 Prius. What is not to like about 50 mpg average? Problem with was ride was harsh and too much eyes off the road with needing the touch screen all the time to do even some basic functions. Liked the simplicity of controls and just a few buttons on the wheel. Prius had 13 on just the steering wheel plus need to use touch screen. New Camry very simple and just operate knobs by feel, not need to turn from road vision to in cockpit just to raise temp level or raise radio volume. Used my DB meter to check sound levels at 60 mph cruising. Reading of 62 Db on A scale Prius same road 67 and previous Camry a 2004 67 also. Sooth easy handling with good road feel. 





All around this car is amazing, its sleek exterior and futuristic interior is sure to turn some heads. The only problem with the four cylinder is the power, its not quite as quick as the 06 and could use a little more get up and plus people think that it sounds like a diesel volkswagen when it is sitting in idle in the parking lot.





I think Camry has come a long way and made a outstanding, solid and remarkable car but sometimes, even the best of minds miss the simple things the customers are looking for. Where did the sun visor extension disappear Toyota? I feel there's a little more road noise then the previous Camrys. Overall, it's a great car but don't take away what customers really want. Why can't Toyota can give standard Stablity and Traction Control?





Extremely comfortable with 3 separate power driver seat adjustments. Well designed cargo space with convenient cup holders and lots of storage. Good sound system. Handles well at all normal driving speeds. Roomy both front and rear seats. 





I have had it for almost two years now. Overall it's a nice car to own. Reliability is excellent, but there are several annoying small problems. First, the car sways at any speed, making the driver and passenger move left and right. Second, the interior designer should be fired. You can't reach the window switch--it's hidden behind the armrest. Third, the gear shifting handle become loose a little even in the driving gear. Fourth, the coin tray makes noise (not by the coins). Fifth, bad acceleration 





This is not a Lexus, you get what you pay for. Most disappointing is tire wear and alignment, I think this car has a basic flaw, the tires showed excessive wear at 20,000 miles and is pretty much gone at 30,000. This despite two alignments (at my own expense). The dealer says it?s normal.





I purchased my Camry LE approximately one year ago, and I must say that my overall impression of the vehicle is average at best. The transmission, or more specifically, the power transfer is scary. There is a full 3-4 second delay when accelerating/passing, and it is downright dangerous on the interstates. The tires are noisy at 20K miles, unless it can be attributed to something more serious like wheel bearings. The reprogramming of the transmission shifting seemed to help for awhile, but it's reverted back. It's also bad when decelerating, then re-accelerating. I'll probably sell it to avoid an expensive transmission repair after the extended warranty expires.





Acceleration is adequate, but torque is all but absent! Too much weight for the old four cylinder engine. The transmission/computer is a major issue. Unexpected downshifting on pimple sized grades when in cruise, upshifting when decelerating, peculiar hold back sensations when at low speeds are among the problems experienced by me and, obviously, others. Poor mileage is yet another factor as is the numerous blind spots resulting from the appearance over proper design issues. Dealers do not handle the transmission matters well as I've had no luck in clearing up the inadequacies. Is Toyota losing control as they grow in size or is their arrogance the major problem? My first & last Camry! 





I currently have 24K miles. I had the hesitation problem, but the dealer reflashed computer and solved the problem. I get 22 mpg in town and have gotten as much as 36mpg on hwy., driving around 65 mph. I use syn. oil and replaced air filter at 15K. Tires are wearing evenly (rotate) and I do not have any wind noise. Very comfortable ride.





The engine, ride and gas mileage is great. No problem. But the rest of the car is cheaply made. The paint on the bumper started to peel. Dealer had to replace the bumper. The hood has a ring where the paint is so thin it looks silver color. Dealer said they didn't see anything. I have been looking around at other Camrys in the parking lots and notice they have a lot of scratches from thin clear coat and everyone else has funky bumpers. Take a good look at some of them and see what you think. The blue tooth is crap and it cuts out. When I talked to the dealer they said it was my Verizon service and maybe the phone. I have purchased two different phones and it still does it. A big mistake getting it.





On long trips the 2007 Camry LE we purchased does great, except when I set the cruise. I noticed it shifted hard going up hills. When driving around town I noticed a serious hesitation upon acceleration in intersections. I honestly feared of getting broadsided. After researching on the internet I found that the computer for the transmission needed reprogrammed (flashing). This did the trick... my car now shifts very smoothly, does not hesitate and when the cruise is set, you can hardly tell it has shifted. The other thing I have noticed is a distant helicopter sound. This started about a month after purchased. We think it is the tires, but are not sure. The dealership can't figure it out.





The car overall is a great car with many good features. It gets great gas mileage for a larger car. It is surprising how spacious the interior is on a long trip. Its nice to drive a car with the body kit and sporty feel, but still get great fuel economy. The top speed of the car is much higher than most domestic cars too.





Once broken in mileage is steady at 29-32 mpg. Cannot find anything that would prevent me from purchasing another as my next vehicle.





This is my 3rd Toyota and I have always been pleased with the cars and performance. I am disappointed with this vehicle. The transmission is jerky and the gas mileage is terrible. I have never gotten better than 19 mpg. The car has been maintained very well and driven conservatively. The dealer cannot find anything wrong. I would not have purchased this vehicle if I was aware of the actual poor mileage.





This is my 3rd Camry and it will be my last one. I am getting at best 21 mpg, with 50% city driving. Acceleration is also the worst of the 3. I like how it looked when I got the car, but with high gas prices, I am very disappointed with the gas mileage. I am about to take it in for the 15K service. I cannot really complaint about reliability yet, but I don't want to jinx it.





I love the way this car looks, drives and handles. However, the quality is absolutely terrible for a Toyota. It has major transmission issues, which I have had fixed twice. It has awful rattles and squeaks in the moonroof, dash, and rear deck. The dealer has tried to fix them, but the noises won't go away. I will keep this car, but I hope Toyota improves their quality to their older standards of the mid 90s.





I am the orignal owner and currently have 40,000 miles. Except for a defective tire, I have not had any problems! My transmission works seamlessly and there are no quality issues whatsoever. I have never averaged less than 26 mpg in the city and typically hit 32 mpg on the highway. The power is phenomenal and the sound system (JBL) is better than any factory system I've heard (including Bose). Ok, I will admit that it lacks some of the fun-to-drive aspects of some other sporty cars. but it makes up for it in everything else. 





Now my Camry is about 2 years old. Dealer has to replace my strut because of oil leak. Also, I was told battery need to be replaced soon. Tire is about to worn out at 27k. I like this car and do maintenance regularly. I was driving 91 Camry for long time and it's quality deeply impressed me. I couldn't believe new Camry work like this. I feel disappointed.





I purchased a Camry LE approximately 2 months ago, it's a smooth comfortable ride. I bought it certified preowned with 30,000 miles, but it runs same as new. I noticed some complaints about lack of speed, or hesitation, so far I've had no issues. The car is very responsive to acceleration, VVTI is a technology not everyone understands, for ex: VVTI takes your driving habits into consideration, if you are going 45 to 50 mph, and take your foot off the accelerator in a sudden manner, instead of slowly releasing accelerator, it senses you will be pressing your brakes soon so you will notice the engine automatically slows down your speed automatically. This is my second Camry, and is EXCELLENT!





I bought my 2007 Camry in Aug 2007 and it seems like I am having issues with reliability. The transmission is "driving" me crazy. It shifts erratically between gears and it stays in a lower gear when it should be shifting to a higher gear. Hesitation during acceleration is a problem. While the transmission is downshifting you can feel it thumping through the gears and an audible banging sound can be heard coming from the trans. The dealership said there was nothing wrong. The radio display has gone dark on me. After tapping the dash directly over the radio it comes back on. I even had a problem with the horn sounding when the headlights were switched on. None of these issues are resolved.





My '07 4 cylinder Camry SE gets 19.1 MPG. Every advertisement from my window sticker to Edmunds.com says this 2007 Camry should get 24 to 33 MPG. We are not guessing. We have recorded every single gas up on a spreadsheet, it's simple math. For 10 months our Camry has averaged 19.1 MPG. We went back to the dealer. After three visits they tested the vehicle and said nothing was wrong and it must be our poor driving habits. Please note: We have two other vehicles that we drive the same way, gas up at the same stations, and drive on the same roads through the same weather conditions. Our '02 Sante Fe/6 cyl gets 22 MPG, Our Impala/6 cyl gets 25 MPG. PS. Just updated our gas ups....18.9 MPG.





I shopped for months for a new car & picked the Camry. I originally loved it. I thought great mileage & I loved the look of the new Camry. Now I am second guessing myself. Terrible mileage!! 23 mpg in the city & tranny seems sluggish or hesitant. Some of the thing inside seem cheap. If I had known then what I know now I would have bought an H3. If I'm going to get mileage this bad I may as well look good doing it. 





Real good car. Great fuel economy. The orginal tires will only get 20K miles. Be careful putting in a carseat with a top strap. It you put it in like toyota tells you you may wind up with a permanent strap indentation on your rear headrest. The thing that is missing is the rear DOES NOT FOLD down on the SE model. I know it is for the sport tuning in the suspension, but I need more versitality in my cars. I should have bought the LE with the styling kit.





I selected the Camry for its comfort and reliability. My old 1989 Camry is still running well giving great mileage (40+mpg highway) with minimum maintenance. This new Camry is indeed very comfortable with quiet and soft ride. This car coasts well with no pedal as is the old one. Usage is too short for any words on reliability. Actually a little turned off with the new styling. What I dislike most about this new model as well as most new sedans these days is much reduced visibility, big blind spots, thick body and thin windows. Styling is to blame. I have to get the body size molding from eBay because the dealer cannot provide them. Mileage is mediocre at an average of 25.





Very uncomfortable when driving long distances. Replaced radio at 15k. Transmission was very rough, dealership re-programmed, it's ok now. Gas mileage not the best (regular 87).





Absolutely love it! Drives and rides extremely well. No problems at all with exceleration. Great gas mileage. Hope this Toyota is as good as the last one I owned. shopped for weeks before I choose the Camry. Others were not even in the race after driving one. You will love it!





My sunroof developed a rattle during winter. I have taken it to dealership in excess of 10 times and even when they cannot fix it. Now that the roof has been touched so many times it has also started to leak and I got a puddle in my lap. The dealerships response- cannot duplicate the roof leak. Cost cutting has gone too far at Toyota. Otherwise the car is great with its feel and quietness. The 4 cylinder does not get good mileage at 70 MPH plus. Below it you can expect to get good mileage only if you do not have too many hills. The new transmission shifts too frequently to truly optimize gas consumption.





Unfortunately, I have had almost 40 problems with the car since day one, and I haven't even reached the 1 year mark yet! Problems include parts falling off like grab handles and panels on the inside AND outside, brakes constantly squeal even after four dealer visits, radio/head unit failed, squeaks, rattles, etc. While I love the design, the poor components, sub-par fit-and-finish, poor quality control, and unreliable work on the part of dealership techs will make me question the quality of any future Toyota vehicle. I love the car's visual and aesthetic design, but quality is just as important and for that reason, I would NOT recommend the new Camry to anyone!





This was my 2nd camry. After owning an '03 with no problems I expected a great car. Boy was I wrong. The transmission is the absolute WORST, it is very dangerous and can cause an accident. I took it back to the dealer to fix which they did but after a couple of months it was back to being very slugglish. My power windows stopped working, radio had to be replaced, rattles, rattles and more rattles. The plastic interior looks and feels cheap. I have since gotten rid of this car and upgraded to an 08 Infiniti G35 (won't buy another Toyota anytime soon). I don't miss this car at all!





I bought the car due to the great Toyota legacy, however I soon found this to be untrue. Six spd tranny shifts rapidly out of 1st to 2nd within 10 feet if not mashing the gas down. Just plain crappy down-shifting when coming to a stop. The front end wheel hops on slippery surface when accelerating quickly. Throttle hesitation always, service says no fix for it. It's driving habits, ha! No room under the foot pedals for my feet when cruise control activated. Blue-Tooth to the radio via my cell phone is poor reception and signal outgoing poor. Auto speed volume on the radio doesn't work at all. Dual climate control very inconsistent. Noisy underside of car when slush hits it





I wish I could return this piece of junk but I am locked in for another 2 years on my lease. This car is no fun to drive because the pickup is horrid. When you need to accelerate there is nothing there. Mine even stalls a bit before accelerating. Dash board makes a squeaky/rattle when the weather is below 50 F. Toyota has good financing but it is not worth it. The car looks great, but that is about the only thing good I can say about it.





I have had the 2007 LE V6 for two years. I have 18500 miles and have experienced no problems. I have read a lot about the 2007 V6 trans problems but have experienced none of them. The interior is okay and I have not had any rattles or squeaks. I am not real fond of the electric seat and I find it is not as comfortable as my F150 pickup on trips. The gas mileage is great. I get 23 city, 25 mixed and 32 on the road, (70 MPH with air).





Driving an SUV for 6 years and then getting in a Camry is absolute heaven. This car is easy to drive, great gas mileage and comfortable. I shopped for a month before I decided the Camry is the best for the money. Drove multiple other cars, honda accord, nissan altima, ford fusion. None gave the ride as the Camry. No transmission problems. 





The 2007 Toyota Camry was the first car we looked at when we were car shopping. I wrecked my 1996 Honda Accord, and had assumed we would buy another Honda. However, when we drove the Camry we were impressed with its looks and the comfort of the ride. 





I bought this Camry to replace my 1996 Camry. I'm very disappointed with this car. The car squeaks and rattles. I have 21,770 miles on the car and the rubber around the driver window has come loose. The charger outlets have stopped working. I should have kept my 1996 camry. I think Toyota has dropped the ball with this Camry. I'm thinking about trading this car in for something else.





I already wrote a review four months ago, but I need to add to it. They have finally fixed my transmission. I am very happy with it now. However, more problems have developed. There are still rattles in the dash and now the roof now has a bad rattle. Also, the paint is chipping terribly all over the car. Well, at least the car shifts better now!





Had an 03 Mercedes for 4 years. This car is smoother, quieter, more responsive, better overall driving dynamics and way much more reliable and better built. Only problem has been the proprietary transmission glitch everyone talks about.





I now have 20,600 miles on the car. Mostly wife driving as I still wont drive this. I got into it last week and discovered a 'springing' noise from the rear susp. Most likely a bushing issue. I bring it in for the rear end spring noise and the still rattling dashboard. They won't fix it, service mgr and I road test car and we can't hear the rattles. It was raining all night so it most likely made the dash more pliant. They say I need to leave it over night next week when it's cold so they can test it in the morning. They refused to apply 2 TSBs even though its under warranty. I cant wait till I get rid of this car.





I bought my Camry because of all the wonderful thing I had heard about Toyota, but i have to say that I am FAR from impressed. The interior rattles, with pieces falling off, the ride is not that great, and the handling of the vehicle is absolutely the worst I have ever experienced. To make matters worse I had to have it in for service 4 times during the year that I had it. Just traded it in a couple weeks ago.





I have always loved my Camry but when I was rear ended and then pushed into another car, I walked out of the car with only my knee banged up. It could have been much worse. My car was a total loss, I was hit by a driver going 30-40 mph. I am replacing my car with another Camry.





I gave up a 1992 Camry LE which was as quiet as a coffin and purchased a 2007 XLE Camry which has "whooshing air noise" in the cabin depending upon how windy it is outside and which way the car is going. Of course, I worked with the service manager of the Toyota dealership who was very nice to me but probably labeled me a nut. I really am very disappointed in this Camry and will trade it in shortly. Doesn't anyone build a quiet car out there for around 30K that used regular gas and gets good gas mileage? I hope someone from Toyota reads my comments. The Camry has become the second car since the Subaru is much quieter.





Great car over all. I have 4 cyl with manual transmission - lack of power but great fuel economy. 





Not the car the other 2 Toyotas I had. Transmission big issue and also rattles more than the 2001 Avalon that had 175K miles 





I had always heard that Toyota had the best quality cars. Wrong. Not this time, not this year. My Camry is seriously underpowered, seriously noisy, and rattles as it goes down the road. Instead of being one of the best cars I have owned, it is one of the worst. I hear every stone, every pebble and every bit of rock salt as it pings off the bottom of the car. The trunk and doors are hollow and they sound like it with a slight reverberation when you close them. No sound absorption here. Oh, and the brakes squeal. I can't wait to trade it in.


